Dark Field Microscopy. Dumrese Manual



B Jost Dumrese/Bruno Haefeli



PLEOMORPHISM.



Blood symbionts.

Blood parasites.

Blood fungi.



Under special consideration of Enderlein's Cyclogeny and the methods of
diagnosis according to Haefeli.




With 1514 Illustrations.



HAUG

Karl F. Haug – Heidelberg.



CONTENT.

Recognition
……………………………………………………………………………………………………
4

Prologue
……………………………………………………………………………………………………
………….. 5

I. - HEMATO-PHYSIOLOGY
………………………………………………………………………………… 8

The blood:
……………………………………………………………………………………………..

Initial ideas...
Significance

Defense immune cells ...

Plasma
………………………………………………………………………………………..

Cellular Communication

Homeostasis

Symbiosis
…………………………………………………………………………………….

II. – HEMATOPATHOLOGY

Parasitism:
…………………………………………………………………………………………..

Historical retrospective



Definition



Blood parasites



Cycle Phenomena



Ciclogenia: Enderlein



Cycle



Ciclogeny: Morphology



Will it be hemostasis?
…………………………………………………………………………….



III. - DIAGNOSIS A
……………………………………………………………………………………. 79
Introduction:
………………………………………………………………………………………..



Dualism



Blood diagnosis complement ...



Microscopy



Abundance of forms



IV. -DIAGNOSIS B



Pathomorphology: Summary
…………………………………………………………………….



Erythrocytes ...



Leukocytes ...



Platelets



Plasma exams ...



V. –DIAGNOSIS C
…………………………………………………………………………..



Primitive Forms
…………………………………………………………………………………
Protists



Threads



Ripios ...



  Protozoa



You are allowed ...



Chondrites ...



Special Pathomorphology: …………………………………………………………..



Chains



Colloidal Tissues



Dioecotecitas ...



Tecitas – Type III



Primitive cells ...



Rod



Hoses
Husos...



Crystals/ Pseudocrystals



Simplicities



 Cistaces ………………………………………………………………………………….



Erythrocyte medical examinations ...



The erimetodo ...



Leukocytes ...



Platelets …………………………………………………………………………….



VI.- MYCOLOGY OF BLOOD …………………………………………………..



Blood fungi
…………………………………………………………………………….



Development



Origin



Upward development ...



Morphology
VII. - APPENDIX, INCLUDING HISTORY ...



VIII. – LITERARY REVIEW



IX. - GLOSSARY
…………………………………………………………………………………..



X. -REGISTRATION OF SUBJECTS ...



REFLECTIONS.



I dedicate this book to my wife Gwendolin and my daughters Cerrin and Freca.
my wife for her collaboration sacrificing many valuable hours in the
which showed total tolerance, and to my daughters for their interests in all the
issues of life.

Jost Haefeli, Ebdikon, May 1996.



My gratitude to my companions in life and to my children, who me
They supported me throughout all the years of my life and supported me in everything.
This book is dedicated to them. This work is dedicated to all those
they are of good will.

Bruno Haefeli, Ebdikon, May 1996.



That few understand me honors me.

Laozi.



In science, it is not 30 or 60 years that pass until new
knowledge is established. These are not for the old masters, but
for the students who survive them.

Max Planck.
The truth can wait as it has a long time ahead of it.

Arthur Schopenhauer.



The oxen tremble when a new truth is announced.

Immanuel Kant.



The greatest thing a human being does in this world is to see something and
explain in a simple way what you see. Hundreds of people can speak.
regarding what one can think; but thousands can think about one that
you can see.

John Ruskin.



PROLOGUE.

Pleomorphism means multiple forms or richness of forms. This theory is
refers to the multiple microbiological observations and partly to the
documented practice of pleomorphic cyclogenic phenomena of
upward evolution in microorganisms. Such upward development we
show the different morphological phenomena that occur within the
same. In the colloidal albumin, formations similar to those occur.
spermatids, primary cells, and finally bacteria and at the point of
the highest development of the fungal structure. As a principle of the true
microbiological science, the possibility of a development of all the
bacteria and fungi in the first place (Bechamp 1865). Particularly
significant, are the observations of Enderlein in 1916 about
the possibilities of variations towards higher forms in the field of
the structure of the primary colloidal material.

Today, therapists know the great opportunities that
they can have the medications, when they are considered within the
Pleomorphic concept.

This book is based on hundreds of years of pleomorphic research.
many years of studies by Bruno Haefelis and current suggestions
in different scientific circles, medical conferences, and practice
continue.

Even though Pasteur with his monomorphic ideology, finally dictatorial,
strengthened his authority and celebrity against plemorphism, thought
pleomorphic, pleomorphic research and the results of the use of the
isopathic therapy for more than a hundred years has not been able to be
displaced, moreover; the times show that Pleomorphism is consolidating
about the dogmatic constructions of monomorphism. The significant and
increasing research taking place in the field of Pleomorphism,
they are checked faster from a biological and medical point of view. The
Historical investigations raise controversies like never before.
Special controversies touch on the specific realm of blood in the
dark field, just like in the one of

the colored preparations of the blood samples. Also in the care of
valuable and consistent therapists, who in increasing numbers are oriented and
they penetrate more directly, initial phase increasing in this phase the
isopathic diagnosis and therapy.

Now more than ever it is time to aspire to a uniformity of the
valuable and different experiences of researchers and therapists, to
achieve the possibility of increasing the accuracy of the fluency of all
new things that interest, just like those of the predecessors, of the
supporters of Enderlein in the dark field, of the supporters of v.
Brehmer etc.

The authors aim to achieve the following objectives:

1. That the pleomorphic knowledge and pleomorphist thinking
Sean, for the fundamental meaning they have for everyday medicine,
taken out of the shadows. They cannot remain only in medical schools.
Well, they can have an influence from which the large industry would benefit.
Just as for the patients and those who are guided to accept a
medicine responsible for pleomorphic knowledge.

2. According to the author's criteria, broad examinations are needed today.
results of the research work, for scientists to reveal
a multitude of natural mysteries. This book must be a pioneer of
preomorphism, for all those who, like Enderlein, have dedicated themselves to the topic.
They should also invite the scientific community from the universities,
large laboratories and research centers, to dedicate themselves more
on the topics of Pleomorphism. The high modern technique for the
research can help clarify important issues in the field
of pleomorphism.

3. It is necessary to find a common language. Eliminating the confusing
nomenclature

specialized, with honesty, ensuring that there is no wrongdoing
change of opinions, stopping from the beginning and in the style of
Enderlein in an exact assessment when considering the discoveries. Without
a uniform unification of the frequent phenomena of the blood
dyes and other preparations in microscopy, in the dark field, in the
phase contrast etc., the foundations for a common understanding would be lacking, and
with this to take successful further steps. This book must therefore be,
selective, and no more than a proposal in the field of diagnosis,
pretending to achieve a punctual and chronological combination for new
observations to be added. To reach an understanding of the order of the increasing
problems of endomycosis and with it the possibility of discovering possible
mycologies in the bloodstream.

4. This book deals exclusively with historical development and the
numerous morphological phenomena of Pleomorphism, and from there- as
significó - to be able to achieve better uniformity. A valuable touch-up, for
unify the experiences in the field of therapeutic possibilities for
control the essentials within the framework of scientific criteria, which are
corresponding with the intense effort to synthesize the scope of the
information about pleomorphic therapy.

5. This book does not, broadly speaking, make any claim to totality.
It should only be taken as sufficiently understandable, readable, and above all
as a stimulating reading, which aims to intensify the discussion in the
Issues of Pleomorphism with the help of these pages.

6. This book also aims to sponsor an independent regional forum where
criteria are regularly exchanged and knowledge is grouped with
a leveling effect on broader bases, so that achieving the
diagnostic work and pleomorphic therapy serve better the patients.
The author asks those who are oriented and work with Pleomorphism to
standardize the documentation also in the diagnosis, to share
failures and successes. In the community of works on Pleomorphism (APGM)
at Esslingen's Kreuzstrasse 79; it is possible to update oneself through a
publication on the pleomorphic results of the diagnosis of the
blood. The results of the diagnosis must be in a database.
to be used and thus obtain better information.

Finally, this book is an indication that if thought
pleomorphic cannot lead to a successful outcome without a disposition
reflective contemplative. Thus belong, for example, the relationships of the
different observations of the diagnostic procedures, for the
control of the homeostasis of the body, of the internal environment, factors of the medium
environment or a psycho-immunological examination, in accordance with the concept
total of pleomorphism thought. When in effect, healing must be
in correspondence with the principles of Hippocrates, Paracelsus,
Hahnemann o Enderlein.

In Enderlein's words, the authors of this book also want their
efforts to make it clear: "All of this constitutes an expansion and review
from reliable special investigations. The indications about the course
In this sense, they are gladly accepted by the authors.

However, we will not consider critics that do not enrich in detail the
proposed...



I. HEMATOPHYSIOLOGY.
Ancient and New in the field of blood knowledge.



The blood - still a mystery in the era of the 'enlightened man'
spatial?



Juicy flow from ancient times.

Since ancient times, the juicy torrent of blood has flowed through the doubles
intravenous channels. Blood capillaries form fine networks
cutaneous and subcutaneous that may come into contact with the environment. From
A wound occurs, resulting in bleeding, which is followed by a.
psychic reaction. Each person knows the meaning of danger that
It represents for life a bleeding. The fear of bleeding out,
It belongs to one of man’s primitive fears. "Many cannot
see the blood.



The blood is a very special juice.

About the hemorrhages, rites of blood sacrifices or the pacts of
blood demanded by Mephistopheles from Dr. Faustus, "with the special juice," or the pacts
of blood temporals or blood poisoning "septicemia", on the
blood drink, such things have never been free from their
corresponding feelings, mystical and religious camaraderie. In the
history has a central meaning in the sense of monism
divine spiritual unity of the spirit of God (Wessenborin 1992). The idea
that blood unites everything, appears as a taboo in a large part of
world. Even intellectuals are not free from seeing blood as a
magic fluid, many problematic situations between individuals arise
are related to blood (blood vengeance, incest...). In the masses, it
a man's blood with God. The cleaning of the stains is a ritual
in certain religious communities.



Blood diagnosis - a wide field.

The red bodily fluid has intrigued man since time immemorial.
pulse acceleration due to effort, as well as the excitement that makes it boil
the blood is related to the psyche. The ancient medical science tells us
it reported on the need to examine the blood and that this
"it was clean." With the invention of the microscope, they expanded,
immediate knowledge previously mystical, and in this sense the
vital liquid became an object of study. Starting from this point, the
Hematology and probing expanded the scope of research and healing.
A diagnostic overview of the blood is based today on the fields of the
biochemistry, molecular biology, cytology, genetics, biophysics, physiology,
anatomopathological, microbiology, etc.



The external diagnosis: a starting point for others new?

Today's medicine offers alongside traditional methods and
diagnostic procedures of the orthodox medical school (analysis of the
blood, BSG, white blood cell diagnosis, enzymes, histology of the
bone marrow, eri-resistance, etc.) a complete variety of tests in which
important information can be extracted.

An updated summary can be found in 'Documentation of the lines'
special therapies and natural healing methods in Europe (VGM
Editorial 1992). Here from the auroscopy, the analysis of the crystals of the
blood, of a capillary dynamism in the research of blood according to
Kallin, from the Holistic Blood Drop Test (HBT-Test) employment of
polysaccharides from an electromagnetic blood test according to Aschoff
(1953/54) of a diagnosis by all bioelectronic means or the use of
from the morphogenetic crystallizations as 'direction of the diagnosis' more
or less circumstantially related.

About decades of Haefeli in Switzerland (BHS-Laboratories Ebikon) in a
endless series of studies, tried to develop easy practices and
practical and low-cost methods for blood diagnosis. With this
Book all the results of the Haefeli I method (erimethod) and Haefeli II
(coloring method) is presented broadly for the first time.



Not all mysteries have been revealed yet.

Nothing like corpuscles and plasma.



The blood - importance in the classical orthodox 'Medical School'.



Liquid Tissue

Blood can be considered according to its morphological nature.
functional as a liquid organ (Begemann 1970). With its continuous
circulation, it contacts all the organs in 3 minutes and
regions of the body.



Possibilities of agents transiting.
From an infectious disease standpoint, there are indeed possibilities of a
invasion of germs in the blood circulation pathways and from them to the
Tissues. This transit route in both directions is considered for the topic
from the blood - as will be reported later - of accused importance. From
From the perspective of orthodox medicine, an invasion is possible.
bacterial germs in the circulatory pathways (exogenous cause).



Symbiosis of the blood. - Few microorganisms observed.

It is true that when Enderlein discovered the existence in 1925
symbiosis in the blood, and the importance of such symbiosis being assumed by
the specialized theory presented related in this way the possibility of
that primary germs of endogenous mycotic diseases would arise,
provoked by changes in the environment, all of which did not receive if any,
just scarce attentions.



Fungamines - Unimportant results?

Regarding the model of exogenous causes, he is familiar with the current theory.
situations of fungal dissemination and fungal sepsis, also of
"fungal" episodes that are primarily described in literature
specialized in Microbiology, Immunology, and Infectology, with forewords by
physiologists and comments regarding the topic. There is no questioning
posterior about what biological and pathological meaning it can have
bacterial flooding.



Multifunctional transport.

During its circulation through the body, the blood performs an infinite number of
tasks as a means of transport.

1. Respiratory function: Conduction of oxygen to the tissues and extraction
of

carbon dioxide from the tissues.

2. Transporter of nutrients / toxins. In the intestine, they are reabsorbed.
disintegrated nutrients and the toxins that are taken to the liver where they
they are chemically burned and where they end up in the nutritional deposits.
If necessary, these nutrients are transported to the cells and organs.
Various substances are manufactured and stored to continue to the
fabric blocks.

3. Excretory function: Transportation to the organs responsible for the
cleaning (transformation of matter, slag, toxins).
4. Regulation of the internal milieu: Acid-base management, pH of
the blood, homeostasis of the extracellular matrix.

5. Temperature regulation, heat management.

6. Communication. Directed processes: Transport of cytokine hormones.
etc.

7. Immune Defense.

8. Coagulation. In particular, functions 4 and 6 relate to the topic.
of the mycology of the blood with a specially detailed consideration (Page
38-519-acid-base.) (Pg. 18-31 Immune Defense)



Mesenchyme – An important stem tissue.

The embryonic mesenchyme appears as a mother tissue in important
changes in the individual's organism and their blood. Elements
fundamentals (parenchymal cells) separated from the extracellular matrix.
Flowing cells and the bromolecular medium are like the base system of
regulation (Pschingu 1954, Heire 1986) of exceptional importance and of
here, for the field of mycosis.



Nothing like corpuscles and plasma.



Blood –importance from the perspective of Pleomorphism.



Definition of Pleomorphism.

Pleion = more; morfe = form: Pleomorphism = more forms.

The current usual expression for multiple forms in bacteriology is
pleomorphism. This concerns scientific opinion and the way of variation
within a species. In the Thieles Lexicon of Medicine manual (Edition
Urbana Schwarsenberg Munich, 1971) notes that pleomorphism is
characteristic in the genus of a bacterial population frequently in
dependency on the growing conditions.



Pleomorphism has liquidated the old and dogmatic theoretical conceptions.
bacteriological.

After the chemist and biologist Bechamp (1816-1908) made known his
discovery that the cell was populated with grains that did not succumb
after the death of this (necrocycins), the way of thinking in the
the pleomorphic conception entered the world of science in which,
consequence provoked a bitter controversy.



Monomorphism against pleomorphism.

Bechamp (1816-1908) and the collaborators of his time, as well
afterwards his supporters to whom Enderlein belonged, were of the opinion
that each microbial life arises from an original grain that within
pathogenic changes in the milieu are continuously developing.
In the context of this evolution, they can reach an infinite variety of
pleomorphic forms. An opponent with all the strength of his authority
Personal was Pasteur, a firm defender of monomorphism. "Everyone
microbes of the same class and genus are invariable, each will induce
always a specific disease. Fungi and bacteria never.
They breed. The blood is absolutely sterile.



Claudio Bernard also pointed out the limit.

Did Pasteur manage to convince the researchers at that time, greatly
Parts formed opinions about his theory. Also the indication
fundamental of Bernard. "No gentlemen, the microbe is nothing; the medium
it is everything.” It helped to displace dogmatism, by pointing out
Pasteur on his deathbed: "Bernard was right. The microbe is nothing, the
base del medio es todo”, que pudo ser tomado como un reconocimiento oral
in the solitude of the silence of death and with it remained unalterable for
the scientific world.



Enderlein against monomorphism.

The widow of Enderlein dedicated herself after her first discovery about
bacterial cyklogenesis to pleomorphic research. Until his death at
At 96 years old, he sought to convince of the correctness of his research results.
to the orthodox medical school, especially with the intention of giving a
direction to medical science up to today that would make the
Enderlein's discoveries will be cemented. Enderlein remained
set apart with a small group of supporters. One of his supporters and
admirers was Bruno Haefeli, who had the opportunity to meet
Enderlein between the years 1965/67, and with him exchange fruitful opinions.
scientific.



Blood as a mirror of health.
Blood is in the field of medicine an ideal window for investigation
the physiological and pathological processes, as well as to observe them and
objective them. Above all, Enderlein worked with the field microscope
dark and could observe an infinity of pleomorphic exhibitions. The
the blood of each person holds, in healthy conditions, an amount of
elements for the circulatory development of endobionts.



Space for symbiotic coexistence, field for diagnosing viruses,
bacteria and fungi.



Importance of blood cells – a summary.



The carrier of the main load.

The immune cells in a restricted sense are the white cells of the system
hemato-optical of the blood, they carry the main load of the
immunodefense. In the course of evolution, these cells have
specialized in a specific strategy): mobilize the antibodies,
killing mechanism, cytotoxicity = killing cells.



Immune cell guarantee.

The origin: bone marrow – as long as they are not the so-called cells
extremes and the lymphatic organs. Lymphocytes enter these
they divide on the periphery and thereby multiply their population.

Course: T lymphocytes in the thymus, B lymphocytes are equated) (in humans
it is not definitely located yet) reaching a definitive
ripening.

Circulation and distribution: A large part of the hematological cells
abandon under regular physiological conditions the circulatory pathways due to
what is found in the peripheral tissues is only 5%. Some cells
of defense such as neutrophil granulocytes are permanently 'axes' and
they patrol tirelessly looking for prey, through the body. Others - the
B lymphocytes and stable histiocytes solidly cover the hosts.



They also produce antibodies in response to distant signals.

If T lymphocytes have to confront antigens in the mucosa
intestinal
they cover large distances to sound the alarm. In this way, they can
to condition

a specific antigen, for example in the intestinal mucosa and finally with
the

long-distance communication circles T lymphocytes to form antibodies
against

these specific antigens in the intestinal mucosa (bronchial tree).



Macrophages - cells with many qualities.

Macrophages swim like monocytes through the blood, passing to
through the connections of the tissues and staying there firmly (as
osteoblasts or messenger cells). They have partly the ability to change
(mobile histiocytes) maturing under the influence of a chemical medium.



There is no initiation without mast cells.

The mast cells presumably in the circulatory pathways pass to the
tissues

settling at the hotspots of immune defense: in the deposit

intracellular. With a wide repertoire of specialists and material
mobilization

the processes begin.



Natural killer

They apparently form the lymphocyte group (they make up the majority
of the

large granulocytes lymphocytes) with no evidence until
now of his

life cycle. They are, however, willing to function and with this,

they manifest as the last anarchic cells, which depend little on
substances

uncommunicative. Above all, they convince by their effectiveness of power
to kill

directly the cancer cells.
In the bone marrow, the blood, and in the tissues. (s.i)



The cells of the immune defense front.



The first barrier.

Granulocytes are, along with the epithelium of the skin and mucous membranes, the first
barriers of immune defense. As workers (Microphagocytosis) they
they count for life.



The family of granulites.

In correspondence to the sample that they present when colored and their granules.
whites

three genders are considered (from Latin - granula = grains):

Neutrophilic granulocytes with polymorphic nuclei

Eosinophilic granulocytes with polymorphic nuclei

Basophilic granulocytes with polymorphic nuclei.



Neutrophils:

They exist in the blood as the main contingent of the corpuscles.
whites. Millions of them must be produced daily in the bone marrow.
Maduran multiplying the nuclei in the cell by incorporating large
amounts of lysosomes (organelles) with the capacity of an arsenal of
toxic substances of aggression.

Neutrophils recognize microbes through immunoglobulins with
the

recognition molecules and devour them. They then serve as prey to
macrophages.

Its duration is, therefore, short.




Some interior substances of the lysosomes and peroxisomes of the
Granulocytes.
Hyaluronic Acid.

Glucosidase.

Lipasín.

Proteasin.

Phospholipase.

Estuasin.

Nucleasin.

Neuromidase.

Carboxypeptidase Acid

Elastase.

Kalypso.

Neutral protease.

Catalysis.

Uricase.

Table1.



The Eosinophils:

They present a special troop that dethrones the parasites (worms) with
arms

highly lethal toxic chemicals. They have an affinity for substances of
the basophils

to trigger the processes. Eosinophils are often seen in amounts of
fabrics

where an allergic reaction occurs.



The Basophils:

They are rarely found in blood samples (0.59).
Presumably I know

mobile cell lines from the marrow that are placed in the tissues of the
body
colonizing and invading the foreign matter produced by microbes.
You are

cells should be identified as mast cells of the tissues. They play a
important

role in reacting to allergy conditions, which with a
blue coloring

metallic, store acidic granules that are vasoactive amines, which with
his

noisy exhalation and also immunoglobulin transmit signals to the
liquids

selected nearby and there they cause a permeable edema or
extremely

permeable. Mast cells are particularly located under the skin and
below

all the mucous membranes, like colonies.




The family of granulocytes.



Clarifying and recycling through the devouring cells.



The process of eating, doubly useful.

Phylogenetic observations allow for a better understanding of phenomena.
of the

life. After the emergence of the first cell, the foundation was formed
food in the

sense of guaranteeing the basic needs of life. Within the framework
of one

upward evolution that primarily addresses the food plan, uses the
process of

eating in the sense of a primitive defense process: the elimination of
enemy

through phagocytosis.
Phagocytosis, a basic mechanism of immune defense.

It seems that the primitive mechanism of phagocytosis during the process of
evolution consisted of: serving the ascending developing species
providing them with an antigenic structure while preserving
important specific information about immune cells through the
antigen processes.



Phagocytosis in dark field.

The dark field microscope is an ideal means to reduce, in
excellent observation, the old mechanism of phagocytosis in its
Surprising dynamics. The entire course is represented in illustration 16. It
It deals with the basic framework of the current theory of immunology.



Cleaning of the tissue, blood, and lymphatic pathways.

The devouring cells are like the garbage collectors of a city. Their task
fundamentally consists of ensuring the cleanliness of the tissues. This
function encompasses any disturbing material, in which the homeostasis of
the tissue of the concerned region can be influenced. For this, they possess the
Phagocytes a perception system, which is still not known today in
detail.



Interruption of phagocytosis with dire consequences.

Phagocytes - essentially the big eaters (macrophages/histiocytes and
Neutrophil granulocytes (macrophages) are of significant importance.
for life in defense against infections. Any interruption in this
first line of defense, has a serious consequence for health
Chediak-Higashi syndrome: disease of large granules primarily in
the granulocytes. Peroxidase defect. Granulocyte enzyme defect and
monocytes. Such defects are generally exceptionally rare.



Phagocytosis - a nonspecific weapon against the instability of the living and the
inert.

As already announced, phagocytes have a main function in the
the sense of cleaning the fabrics. For this, it must be every second, in position
to be able to distinguish between the strangers and the own, as a self-aggression
it would be disastrous. In the field of strange corpuscular materials, the
Phagocytes have no choice - as immunology specialists say -
They have a specific title: 'What bothers, must go away.' The particle
the attacked agent is used for its own service or converted into
raw material, made available to the host. (Bio-recycling)



Endobiontic phagocytosis. Does such a thing exist?

The aforementioned possibilities achieved, to study phagocytosis,
in the dark field, they relate the activity of granulocytes in the first
line, impressively documenting how these devouring cells
In Enderlein's opinion, they adapt well to the endobionts.



Eat or be eaten – an ancient biological law.



Macrophages and granulocytes are devourers of endobions.



Attacking police.

In principle, the functions of the cells described on page 22 are of
cleaning and recycling. As part of this important task, they monitor the
white devourers.

“Also the house of the endobionts.” According to Enderlein, each cell contains
endobiomes. These are found, however, in a symbiotic relationship, not
disturbing with the host cell. If the environment's conduction changes
endobionts multiplied extracellularly can occur in which
The remaining endobionts can be phagocytosed.



Death chargers or material contributors.

The consuming leukocytes are also possible ingesters in the case of
that the endobions manifest themselves as demanding (see also the nature of
the colloids/protists. (Page 194). They come to permanently flood the
white blood cells, losing these leukocytes or life or (photo 19, 20 and
pages 175-177) they seek partners to whom the load is delivered. This process is
Describe the illustration to the right of this page. It can be observed
in detail and study with its impressive particularity in the field
dark. Enderlein gave a corresponding description.



Eating cells with problems digesting endobionts. (s.i)
On the trail of a consuming cell with a video camera.



Traditional general blood diagnosis.

The traditional hematological blood test is performed by taking
a sample and its subsequent preparation, or the numbers are investigated by
volume unit or considers the percentage of isolated cells. The
difference with normal values indicates a particular behavior of the
disease.



A live pre-diagnosis.

Dead or colorless cells yield a limited number of conclusions.
about dynamic processes. Essential information is the 'living' ones,
in which intracellular or intermembrane relationships are expanded
when the optimal technological equipment is available. Likewise, it can...
expert eye, to become aware through microscopic exposure.



Video under hermeticity?

This intention emerged a long time ago from a team of researchers from
Universities, within the framework of a project on "basic research of
clinical couplings." The scientists of a working group from U.G.
Randoll placed drops of fresh blood under a video for examination of
hermetic form, under conditions created at body temperature.
A new type of light microscope built by Rurt Olbrich was used here:
the Ergónoma 400. This microscope was designed for a capacity of
fantastic resolution and a variable depth sharpness. The
multiple employment possibilities reached microscopic tomography
(about the Ergomon 400 see pages 130-133 and appendix pages 524-528).



The devouring white blood cells in the viewer.

In healthy living blood, granulocytes are very active,
as mobile cells, which employ the controls of the phagocytes in the
plasma cleaning space, they also have intense contacts with the
neighboring cells (photo 22

Page 27). These friendly contacts evidently reach the globules.
reds.
YaEnderlein had observed cellular communication between the cells.
whites and reds.

In the context of dark field studies, Enderlein had already observed.
the communication of the cells and had described them accordingly.
Enderlein wrote... "One is fascinated by the variety of processes in the
blood (Pat with Felty's Syndrome) that had not been considered until now.

The ease with which the heavy simprotists attack the endobions
leukocytes and lymphocytes helping the erythrocytes to approach the cells
sick white blood cells clumping together and protist parasites
transporting them, and often filling themselves with them.



Contact - basic principle of cellular life.

Cell contact is one of the basic rules of life. This appears in
the field of cytochemistry, hormones, and neurotransmitters, factors of
the tissues and mediator of reactions. It appears in the processes
inmunológicos y en los procesos electrolíticos. Sobre el trasfondo de los
intracellular contacts (see pp. 34-35) is not well known. The branch of
research on dermosomes, channels, and synapses is a branch of the
relatively young science. In the case of blood cells, it implies
Randoll an exchange of information that appears as a load of the
membrane that is a normal process that studies the different profiles of the
cells in a drop of blood with reasonable multiple diagnoses.



White and red blood cells exchange signals.



The army of the great devouring cells.



Macrophages - mobile and settled.

Macrophages are the primary defense cells. Their shapes and
behavior reminds us of amoebas. They are born from the bone marrow. In the pathways
Blood cells appear as monocytes (about 6%). These wandering mobile cells
they burst into the tissues of the organs and establish themselves in important
places of defensive processes. There they become settled.



Confusing relationship.

Throughout the history of cytological research, discoveries have been made
cells that are not typical of the cells of that organ, nor possess resources
to relate. These cells take from the different organs other
names, however, belong by forms and functions to the heterogeneous
family of macrophages.



The wonderful boy of immune defense.

Macrophages can recognize with their tentacles (pseudopods)
microorganisms of a certain size (bacteria) or foreign materials
(immune complexes), strands, carbon particles tentacles (pseudopods)
devour them and - with few exceptions - digest them. They maintain the
organs and tissues free of occasional waste. This eliminates
granulocytes that come from their microbial source.



First class chemical factory.

The amount of matter that macrophages can synthesize and store
it is surprisingly large, it consists of sets of necessary enzymes
for the digestion of cellular and microbial material. In addition, macrophages
they dissect a large number of substances that activate lymphocytes, among them
destructive substances - tumor factors (tumors), Interferon (Virus),
Lysosomes (Bacteria) acidic radicals and microorganisms.



Types of cells that are the same but with different names and

multifunctional skills.



Absolute specialists.



The triggers of the immune reaction.

All foreign substances of animated or inanimate nature that are
They are designed as immune defenders T or B lymphocytes. They are
those who produce antibodies or have killer T cells.



The concert almost always starts with the macrophages.

Only very few antigens can lead to the creation of antibodies.
B lymphocytes directly, without the help of macrophages and cells
auxiliary T. By rule, the antigenic structures are recognized by the
macrophages for having functions and connections with HLA-H molecules and the
T lymphocytes.
Receptors for antigens.

T lymphocytes carry receptors for antigens with only one link.
specific for the antigen. B lymphocytes carry as receptors of
antibodies two connections.

The T and B receptors - in addition to the HLA molecules - a molecular family
similar to the family of glycoproteins.



Events at the regulatory level.

The antigen link in B lymphocytes does not lead to any reaction. For
on the other hand, if B lymphocytes act with the antigen linkage, the consequence is
a process in the increase of cell proliferation, from which arise
specialists.

Auxiliary cells that help B lymphocytes in their responses
immunological.

Suppressor T cells: They can stop or delay the activity of the
T cells.

Killer and cytotoxic cells: They have an effect at this level.



Memory not only in the CNS.

Each immune response leads to its primary arrangement, among the
T lymphocytes and also B to form a memory cell that can
store accurate antigen information. If there are no cells
with memory that react in seconds in case of
repeated contacts and with them the consequent inoculating action would be
impossible.



Events at the level of effects.

The specific cellular representatives in the plane of efficacy are:

1. The differentiated B lymphocytes into plasma cell forms like
producers of immunoglobulins (antibodies), these attack
specifically any antigen that has been produced by the
immunodependent endobiotics.

2. Killer cells: They destroy foreign cells directly or with
help from the antibodies and exclusively only cell that have caused
this immune reaction.
They help, they hold back, they memorize.




Blood Plasma - field of action of the endobionts.



Plasma - Definition.

From Greek placis = construction.

Blood plasma is defined as the elemental corpuscles that to
separate (centrifuge them), they remain as a residue of the liquid
sanguine at 55 %. That the blood be designated as a liquid fluid
almost all extracellular space corresponds to plasma
extracellular).



In the albumin, one part corresponds to the endobions.

The extracellular matrix of the blood contains white blood cells, which in the
The corresponding literature is related in more or less detailed tables.
Buddenbrack (1967) and Prosser (1973) grant 75 mg/ml to the amount of
plasma in human blood. Included in these 75mg are the endobionts.
it means that, like Enderlein, the primitive granules are not retained
in no case intracellularly but by relation, they can change from
compartments. Enderlein's studies have shown that they can play
a role in the plasma cyclogenesis (pp. 76-79).



The extracellular space: a playground for the blood endobionts.

When the physical examination of the blood is performed in front of the observer, it
presents a magical game of dancing particles, here it is about
large protist aggregate visible under the microscope,
called simprotists, visibly recognizable circular formations
little calls, or the visual field shows formations of types
spermatic, spermatozoa. All these formations belong to the
non-pathogenic symbiotic structures of Enderlein's cyclogeny.



Critical opinion. Dance of particles in a vermilion molecular movement.

Whoever deals with the vital phenomena of blood recognizes in the object
different forms of movement. In others, corresponding ones are excluded.
colors the "dancers" that in this case are chylomicrons. In
third place appears in the plasma test at a percentage of
overload of 'dancers' (endobionic forms) indicators of
pathological situations with cellular modifications. (see v. Berhmer-Tintura
p. 536).



The colloids, whose biochemical data are still unknown.

Until today, we have not received almost any chemical or physicochemical data about the
Enderlein colloids. Due to the history of medicine (see
monomorphism against pleomorphism page 16) with a restricted position in
the investigation that Enderlein first overlooked
morphological comparisons in their observations related to
would have meant a rapid development of science, so one would not
One must marvel that other necessary ones remain pending.
investigations. In this, the corresponding imminent ones are necessary.
studies.



Blood plasma -Defense- and field of development of endobionts of
the blood.

According to Enderlein, endobionts possess various qualities:

They can influence other developments during their development. Certain
self-regulatory effects that enter the field of an orderly defense.
As physiological influences that act on fermentation and influence the
pH. From the perspective of practical medical facts, what is primarily of interest is the
importance of the higher forms of growth such as bacteria
mycotic infections, cause diseases that require intervention from
doctor. It is fundamental that in Enderlein's blood symbiosis not
induces a specific relationship with the disease and actually this is
caused depending on the stage of development. (2B. Its culmination.) This
it is one of Enderlein's revolutionary discoveries.



The endobionts - Participants in the regular processes of the Internal Milieu.
(s.i)



Direct and indirect communication through cell contact.

The possibilities of groups A and B are shown in table 27.

A. Communication through direct cell-to-cell contact
Permeable adhesive union

2. Waterproof joint (narrow articulation)

3. Channel (articulated separation)

4. Direct passenger contact (adherence)



B. Communication through direct cell-to-cell contact



1. About fracture (synapse)

2. About the base substance (extracellular matrix)

3. About the blood flow (slow blood flow)



C. Near and far electromagnetic effect

Table 3. Schema of cellular communication contact possibilities.



Enderlein observed many forms of cellular communication.

In the dark field, you can observe living and direct forms of
cell communication. Enderlein was then able to document the
formations and behaviors, until that moment unknown to the school
medical. The symbiotic relationships between leukocytes and the cells of the
blood has already been discussed on pages 24-25.



Articulated spaces - Channels for the exchange of endobions?

The separate joints are direct communications between cell and
cell, in the sense of open channels, are ideal transit places
for the compartmentalization of endobiomes. Processes conceived in the
that endobionts can even begin to cooperate. With all these
speculations conclude that endobionts can molt from
compartments. It is not yet known what this change involves.
the 'Living Colloids'. The exchanges and transshipments can
presumably depend on the factors of the milieu and of the necessity.



Transmission through routes, tapes, and channels. (n.a.)
Homeostasis - Basic relationship of the orderly function of the biological system.



Conceptual definition.

From Greek homoios = similar, equal, from Greek
stasis=condición=situación.

Homeostasis is defined as a condition of permanent equality.
definition encompasses the condition of the 'internal milieu' and the maintenance of
basic particular conditions of the entire system in the different areas
of the same (cycles, respiration, blood, intestinal milieu, etc).



Advanced idea in 1929.

In 1929, the Bostonian physiologist Walter B Cannon (1871-1945) created the
syndrome of necessity process of adaptation rules according to
Selye) the concept of 'Homeostasis' and with this expression he wanted to say that
all living organisms that regulate their vital processes by themselves,
they are dependent. Cannon tried among others, the ancient theory about the
diseases of Hippocrates, in which a change in the balance of the
material constitution or where human principles are found, lead to
an illness.



Epigenetic homeostasis according to Lerner.

In 1954, Lerner published his research findings on security.
regulation of different processes and the maintenance of inequality
differential during a normal ontogenesis. Homeostatic regulation already
is ready after the copulation of the ovum and the sperm, with a decisive
importance.



The catalog of Cotiers traits of homeostasis.

Cotier made a list in 1980 of the most important features of the
homeostasis in relation to energy content.

Ensuring a normal concentration of glucose in the plasma
sanguine

2. Accumulation of surplus energy carriers of glycogen and
triglycerides in the fatty tissues.

3. Possibility of mobilization of glycogen energy carriers
for urgent needs.
4. Increase in the use of fatty acids and durable charge particles
to prevent the aggression of amino acids to the muscles.

5. Avoid the intake of unnecessary energy sources.



Totality of the regulated processes.

The development of cybernetics has greatly contributed to understanding processes.
regulated within the framework of their regulation, in the center and the periphery of
body. Without a delicate regulatory network that has 1212 cells to
a 70-kilogram man, in which each cell produces 2500
reactions per second, chaos would ensue. The observation of the
living substances (biosubstances) from the cells or organs of our body,
I like the mentality of 'in vitro thinkers', but not the idea of
biological understanding of a new future medicine.



Homeostasis is a basic condition in the fight against parasitism.
blood.

The condition of the blood (as obviously the condition of others
Flowing compartments of the body) is crucial for health and for the
disease; for victory or defeat in the daily struggle with parasites
from the blood; it does not matter if these are of exogenous origin, or in the
sense of Enderlein, or if it is about the cyclogenetic development of the
endobiotics. In this, future practical medicine will evidently demand
proper monitoring of acidity.



The value of pH - an important parameter of blood homeostasis.



Observation of blood homeostasis through observation of the
acid-base content.



Base-acid content: Regulators of life.

Interest in the base acidity content has grown in recent years.
appearing at the very center of questions about the changes in the
tissues in relation to the direction of common vegetative regulations.
(R. Collier 1989)

Vital processes are fundamentally based on the reaction of the
enzymes, these are reactions of the mucous membranes, the immune processes,
etc. Life means exchanges of energy, flow of energy, and delivery of
energy. These processes are subjected to strong biological laws. One of them
it is what Enderlein called 'The basic Anartatisca'.



The anartatic constitution according to 'Enderlein'.

This law confirms the dependence of probaenogeny on the value of pH in the
environment "environment" and continues Enderlein "the change of the
concentration of hydrogen from a strong high alkalinity pH index
an increase in the pH index towards acidity establishes the
basis for allowing organisms to evolve within the
Probaenogeny as lower organisms evolve together.
with a new form of organization.



The upward development is not compulsory.

Enderlein's experiments showed that the endobions themselves regulate
its pH value. They undoubtedly showed that in the lower steps
blood parasites want to evolve through acid acquisitions
towards a probaenogeny. The 'internal Valencia' of the endobionts in this
case is decisive to direct its strength to a subsequent development.
Conversely, in addition, there is a trend of development towards the forms
inferior within the extraordinarily easy cyclical course to reach
(alkalization). This fact is of fundamental significance for the
therapists, with importance of the research on the acid-base. (Concept
of acidity).

According to Collier – as many other authors also consider – man
of the modern industrial era is acid. At the beginning of any disease
excess acidity is present. (Collier 1989). Excess acidity leads, in the
exaggerated sense of acidity, thinking of an infinity of
symptoms; and in the field of medicine to think about patients with
chronic diseases. Here there are important regulatory components
of the base content acidity that affects connective tissues (lymph for the
alkaline reserve of constant blood content KAPF 1991), classic
regulator of acid-base content: the stomach (center of the formations
acidic and acidic separations, Worlitscheck 1990) the blood (reserves
alkaline) kidneys, lungs, intestines.



Important the acid-base test.

Not only Enderlein but also v. Brehmer (measurement of the concentration of
hydrogen in the organism, Medical World 1933 No 47) dealt with
intensely from a pleomorphic and oncological point of view with the
theme of pH value regulation. He was a pioneer in observation
practice of this problem (urine measurement method). Blaeser
(1986) transformed this method of urine measurement. With valuable
devices worked, the three-dimensional measurement of pH, the redox potential and the
average resistance of blood, urine, and saliva, according to Vicent. With the
From automata assistance, several data were discovered in the clinical field.
However, the assessment of the driving capacity was missing.

In 1985, Jorgensen presented an appropriate practical procedure, in which
the principle of exposure was based on the content of basic acidity
(practice of the acid-base content). After the result of
Haefeli's dyeing procedure, the erythrocytes appear
involved in acidic content. (Contribution: base acidity content)
in the appendix on page 519.



Red blood cells - important regulators of blood pH.



The Symbiosis – Phenomenon of life in the plant, animal, and human kingdom
the microorganisms.



Symbiosis – Definition.

From the group bio=life; sim=together, symbiosis life together.

The origin of the concept emerged in 1879 through A de Bary. He conceived
that in a symbiosis different organisms lived together. Today it
understands life together, whether temporary or lasting, as symbiosis in which
different organisms adapt to each other. This relationship of changes between
different organisms, it can have for the partner that fits into a
symbiotic relationship, different meaning.



Example of Symbiosis in nature.

A close relationship between two specific organisms leads to a
"authentic legitimate symbiosis", something like that which takes place between the
hermit crab, the beetle and the sea anemone and like the
ectoparasite annihilator of the mouth cleaner fish (illustration 31). The
symbiosis in which one member cleans the other occurs
abundantly in nature (2B in crabs). Sometimes
There is a useful relationship (like in the pollen station in bees.)
Many individuals, sponges, stinging animals, and worms carry algae.
I can. Symbiosis in plants shows braids, bacterial bulbs and
micro riches.
Leafcutter ants and wasps feed on some fungi from
those who live many animals that cannot live without the presence of
microorganisms in your intestine. In this are found the beetles,
trumpet flies, etc. With permanent populations of bacteria and
yeasts. The life forms that feed on the juice of the leaves
(shildlanse Blallohe) show with at least symbiosis 4 symbionts. More than
an animal in its stages of development lives off the blood of the
vertebrates inducing symbiotic reproductions with them, the bugs and
others. With these few examples, the colors are by no means exhausted.
from the palette of forms of symbiotic life.



Symbiosis in humans.

Man and microorganisms form a natural and intimate vital society.
On the surface of the skin, as on the membranes of the skin, settle
permanent cohabitants in a harmless and authentic symbiosis
Illustration 32. Part of these symbionts must look like.
pathogenic faculties. In particular, the microorganisms inside the
intestinal tract (from the oral cavity to the anus) above all the
intestines where today the therapeutic tests of the
immunology.

The intestinal flora is crucial for the health of our immune defense.
great importance. Also in the blood plasma, probably circulate
symbionts (Endobionts). It is a great credit to Enderlein for having concluded
his fundamental research, which evidently increased
convincingly inside and outside the country. Next to the endobiomes.
circulating are the citoendobiones (p. 43, table 4) of great importance
biological for each particular cell of man. It also played here.
Enderlein along with other researchers plays an important research role
(see page 486 Historical data).

The symbionts that live at the host's expense are referred to as parasites.
(see p. 64).



From the origins, symbiotic life.



Cytosymbiosis: from Enderlein - and for cell researchers
before he was known.



The idea of cyto-symbiosis.
Even before the 20th century, it was A.F.W. Schemmer who declared that the
plastids could only come from their peers, Schermmer indicated that
this situation was an 'Intracellular symbiosis' between an autotrophic symbiosis
and a heterotrophic host. In 1890, R. Altman formulated the hypothesis of the
endosymbiosis. The essential postulate of this hypothesis was that the
The plastic autoreduplicator and the descendant mitochondrion are self cells.
free individuals, those in an early stage of evolution like
cytosymbiosis were unisexual cells and there they established as organelles.



Enderlein favored the hypothesis of endobionts.

Enderlein also followed this Endobiotic hypothesis, and in a way
analogue worthy examined the behavior of the endobionts in the
human organism, grounding it. According to Enderlein, they live in the body
of each man both intracellular and extracellular structures
that in a suitable environment can assume
the cooperation and copulation with parasites. The discoveries of Enderlein
together with those of Alboni and Knoﬂach (1984), the endobionts that divide are
of extracellular life, in the second case it is a cytosymbiosis (=
endosymbiosis). The term Endosymbiotic Hypothesis is fundamentally about
incorrect inspiration.



The endobiotic hypothesis, with opposition.

It must be admitted that the aforementioned hypothesis has not been accepted to this day in
the meaning that organelles in the form of plastids mitochondria, a part
whose proteins of the cell to which they belong are synthesized in the
nuclear code. Plastids and mitochondria are inside eucytes
(eucoriontes = cells with nuclei) are only host cells
semi-autonomous.



Cytosymbiosis - no rarity.

Cytosymbiosis is present today in living organisms, including humans.
donde está, grandemente extendida. Células ajenas sobreviviendo en las
large host cells pose a phenomenon to cell biology
Highly interesting. An important and ongoing question although, not yet.
Clara, turn each factor into an obstacle, the reason why the symbiotes in the
host cells are not digested. The case of cytoparasites has a
response to this question, the answer comes from medical practice and is from
medical importance as can be seen in the impressive example of the
Malaria. (Albini, Knoflach 1984).
The Endobiones of Enderlein enjoy lasting originality.

Enderlein was able, in the 1920s of this century, to present results
research that the cytobiotes in the human body without a doubt
they were lasting inhabitants of the same "by the year 1915 had isolated
endobionts in the blood and I had examined them" even in that year a
the medical guild presented it as an identifier of the fungus, Mucor
racemosus. The later studies during Enderlein's life
they aimed to deepen in the broad area of 'symbiosis', the
parasitism in the blood as well as in the tissues of the body.



The Citosymbionts cannot be digested in the host cells.



The end of the cell's dominance. (Enderlein 1925). The endobionts

They will be even more accepted.




Forms of life that change rapidly.

In the year 1916, Enderlein made a pioneering discovery. On the occasion of his
work on typhus observed in the dark field, small forms of
lives that were moving and with highly organized bacteria that
they maintained a union. These copulative products, instantly they
they became invisible. He assumed here, sexual processes from which no arose
superior endobion developments, but rather inferior ones. To these
small living beings were named spermatozoa, which by their
flagella present a similarity to male sperm.



Life – "a gigantic symbiosis in its origin."

Enderlein was at that moment already recognizing the symbionts of the
blood in mammals. These displayed a remarkable richness of forms.
Among others, they were the erythrocytes, constructions of individual cells that he
"interpreted" as platelets. In 1916, amidst a great deal of work with
a large number of results indicated that life should be understood as
a "gigantic symbiosis at its origin."



Colloids show us that blood is alive.

Colloids (Th. Graham 1861) belong along with polysaccharides and the
nucleic acids to the group of important biopolymers of our
organism. Colloids are composed of 10^3 to 10^9 atoms and 10^2
up to 105 of matter (amino acid) in a coloidispersive medium
(colloidal) dividing molecularly or in aggregates in a measure of 10-4
up to 10-7. The size of the corpuscles in the dispersion phase remains
below 2um (2000A) visible directly under the microscope of
light. As the minimum limit. It is defined at a size of 5 mm (+50º).
This dispersion phase moves relatively freely in a solution. The
Colloids cannot diffuse by rule through the membranes of the
animals. They are like associations –or micellar colloids, known as
limited substances (soap). In the form of 'molecule-colloids', they play a
important role as biological macromolecules in milk, in blood
(Hemoglobins...) in the cellular protoplasm. The protists of Enderlein
they can be ordered colloidal molecules in the blood and in the tissues, the
that should still be investigated with modern scientific means.



Colloids - macromolecules with unimaginable informational content.

Albumin occupies a central position in the life of living organisms,
More than ¾ of aqueous substances contain proteins.
architecture of these large molecules, allow through their
primary, secondary, tertiary, and quaternary structures, valuable
possibilities of computational biocommunication. The albumins are carriers.
of charges and have different electrical qualities, which is why they exchange
in an electric field (electrofluorescence). Albumin serves as water
and acidic substances, or carriers of heavy metals, such as enzymes,
or as construction materials and framework supporting 2NS,
as immuno-informative substances. As annihilating weapons in the
defense of the body.



The formation of crystals is incomprehensible.

Many protein bodies are in a position to form crystals.
(fig.36-38). This property was often observed by Enderlein and
correspondingly documented. These transformations of said
products, classified them as pseudocrystals, cistatogenic formations,
dry albumin etc. On pages 300-305) it is presented in a way
impressive an infinity of these morphological phenomena. About the
relationship between crystals and microbiology see the appendix on page 529.



Biocrystals, in which growth can occur at any moment.

life.



The Enderlein colloids - initiators of information,
carriers of information, transmitters of information.

Are albuminous colloids inductors of the living?

To date, research results regarding the most
Recent data (see Annex "Life - What is that?"); say that also the
proteins possess a "knowledge". Certain forms of proteins
pueden estar en posición de iniciar a nivel de microorganismos funciones
vital. Here, the phenomena play a fundamental role
quantum physicists.



Energy transfer between biophotons.

It is generally accepted today that all weak biological systems
they present permanent light emissions of at least 200-800 nm. Their
intensity delivery from a few photons to several thousand per meter
surface square (F.A. Popp 1993). The cells contain 'bundles of
photons,” Popp located these beams in the DNS band guide of
the polymers. Evidently, the photons of the DNS can not only irradiate,
but also deliver coherent bandwidth fluctuations. The
light emissions can be investigated in almost all nuclei of the
cells. Photonic communication is not only local but also long-range.
reach (communication mechanism at the speed of light).
Through their high degree of arrangement, the bundles of the cell possess, and
despite its minimal intensity, it has a high informational character.




Do biophotons organize life?

Biophotons are projected at their speed (speed of light 300,000
kls) in an appropriate medium that causes 30 trillion reactions
chemicals leading to a supply of 10 million/s in the human body.
This communication of the signaling mechanism according to Popp is due to the
biochemistry.



Enderlein's observations were clarified in their causality.

The observations that Enderlein made for the first time about the changes
fast in particular conditions of endobiotic structures are today
confirmed in light of quantum physics research. Each
molecule in particular the mentioned ones can be like complex spheres
energetics, relating to the layers of the electrons. The delivery and
Acquisition of electrons corresponds to the condition of exchange
energetic. The proteins that share their electronic charge,
they transform themselves. The proteins that induce the change in charge to
Other macromolecules can transmit development as inducers
posterior to the structure of organic life. Life means relationship of
changes in the effect level caused by electrons, protons, quanta and
other "small particles".



Panorama of the primitive structures of symbiotic life within the
human body

The illustration of the parallel page shows the description of Enderlein, in
this condition the possibility of pathogenic structure in an endobion
investigated. Each form presented can be transformed into another
rapidly (direction of the arrows). The forms of growth here
presented will be discussed later in the issue of cyclogenesis.



A symbiont the size of five thousandths of a millimeter: molecules
starters of life, endobionts with important biofunctions. (s.i)



"Socialization" is a link of higher development, of primitive forms.
endobiotics: The sperm can be retroregulated.



The great 'powerful' in the primitive structures of life
endobiotic

Each life undergoes an orderly process. Without an order, or a process
lacking in

address, without intracellular communication stable vital processes
they would be

imposibles. Es evidente que en el ámbito de los escalones inferiores
macromolecules

there is an exchange of effects between the molecules, the molecular changes
and the

primitive cellular formations. YaEnderlein had mentioned
conditions

changing rapidly in the field of microbiological regulation and the

retroregulation related to the activity of sperm.



The espermites function as bioregulators.
In the endosymbiosis of the blood, the regulations are also established.
Dual aspects of being: The stages of development of endobionts 'Forms
"primitives" strive to achieve a "socialization" to achieve a
superior development of evolution, in a balanced homeostatic order. The
In this regulation, it is given here the sperm.



The espermites. Relatively good characterization of Enderlein.

In 1925, the spermatozoa described in 'Ciclogenia-Baterial' appear.
drawings. In the context of the topic of blood under 'Diagnosis' on the page
234-237 additionally described is given, also on page 50, until the
point of reaching Enderlein's thesis. The spermatozoa are according to the
scientific recognition today, really identical to bacteriophages.



Enderlein's thesis on the regulation of sperm.

In illustration 41, the connections are reproduced, not considering the
size

real in schemes:

In the complement of the changes (1) of the primitive endobiotic forms,
the espermitas suggest (2) to be additionally, acting
regulators. In primitive forms, organisms have been built of
higher development (3), Michitas (4) little diploma (5) forms of ascites (6).
The espermites can through coupling processes at the level
biological quantum transmission (7). Based on this copulative ability
Enderlein identified the sperm with the already known bacteriophages (which
that generally cannot be sustained today). These discoveries
fundamentals of regulatory possibilities were subsequently the basis
for a revolutionary therapy: Isopathy.



Enderlein's espermites: irreplaceable biorregulators. (n.d.)

High development plan of endobiotic (pathological scope). (n.d)

Bacterial Killers - Known since 1915 (Twort).



Brilliant conclusion by Enderlein.

As already mentioned on page 44, Enderlein described in 1916 in his
studies on typhus the copulative processes, and drew a conclusion no
conventional of these observations. However, it was not Enderlein who
first researcher to discover the development of this process, nevertheless
He was the first scientist to draw conclusions.



Twort was the first discoverer.

Yaen 1915 pudoTwort establecer que las bacterias libres (1) ﬁltradas en las
patients' deposits of (shillen) were in a position to provoke
Shillen crops. In later years, Enderlein carried out by himself a
analogous observation. In 1917, d'Herelle also came with similar
discoveries and called these particles that in his opinion were in
position of killing bacteria, 'bacteriophages' basically proposing them
as such, even though before him, important research results
(Feihismann 1907) did not relate to the emergence of cylogeny.



The Enderlein spermatozoa? Identical to bacteriophages?

Due to a succession of research results conducted by others
pioneers in microbiology, Enderlein focused on establishing a
identity between spermatozoa and bacteriophages. The possibilities
described on page 44 of a coupling of the sperm with the material
developed from the particles of any bacteria or forms of fungi.
Original text in AkmonTomo I, notebook 7 Editorial IBICA 1955 pages
39/40) they possess within the framework of cyclogenetics and in its development a function
regulatory element. Today there are comparable research results
which show a singular coincidence at certain points.



Similarity: Modern research - Enderlein.

Nowadays, when the electron microscope examines forms of life
microscopic; bacteriophages are mentioned in the
specialization in microbiology/virology. A composition is given on these subjects.
listed ('E' concept of Enderlein, 'Sch' = concept of the Medical School
actual, K” author's comment). Coordination: E: Primitive forms of the
endobionts. Sch: Virus, K Enderlein,

he was about to publish his main work 'Cyclogenesis of the
bacteria

1925 when viruses were not yet known in the sense that they are today.
The microscopic-sized particles were not infectious to Enderlein,
they were primitive colloidal forms (protists, protistans, tiny)
Simprotistas: together in the ultravisible field, they were for Enderlein
hypothetical formations.
Size: E: In the micrometric range 4m (0.01µ). Sch: in the field
nanometric.

Head up to 100 nm (Busshah, Brauer, Scumuss 1989) 10-150 nm (Thicle
1991)

Length (including the tail) in the B stick formations, up to 150nm
(Wiesmann

1982, Hahn, Falke, Klein 1991)

Form: E: Head and tail. Sch. Very different, Balls, sticks and ending
in line

and small Harchen (illustration 43 on the page to the right)

Part of the neck E: "Centrioles" a generative organelle. School of
medicine Sch:

"part of the neck". Is it important?

Subject: E: Synergistic head as well as the albumin tail
added

(protist material) Sch Head nucleic acid plus protein envelope, the
wrapper

protein

Mobility: E: 2T very mobile 'flocks' Medical School, movable.

Funciones: E: regulativas, en copulación con otros peldaños de desarrollo

they return to their primitive form. Medical school: Bacterial killers.
They use the

host organisms to establish their position.



Are the sperm cells identical to bacteriophages? (s.i)



II.-HEMATOLOGY.

Old and new in the field of blood pathology. (n.d.)



Leeuwenhoek - First discoverer of the smallest forms of life
bacterial.
practice of this problem (urine measurement method). Blaeser
(1986) transformed this method of urine measurement. With valuable
devices worked, the three-dimensional measurement of pH, the redox potential and the
average resistance of blood, urine, and saliva, according to Vicent. With the
From automata assistance, several data were discovered in the clinical field.
However, the assessment of the driving capacity was missing.

In 1985, Jorgensen presented an appropriate practical procedure, in which
the principle of exposure was based on the content of basic acidity
(practice of the acid-base content). After the result of
Haefeli's dyeing procedure, the erythrocytes appear
involved in acidic content. (Contribution: base acidity content)
in the appendix on page 519.



Red blood cells - important regulators of blood pH.



The Symbiosis – Phenomenon of life in the plant, animal, and human kingdom
the microorganisms.



Symbiosis – Definition.

From the group bio=life; sim=together, symbiosis life together.

The origin of the concept emerged in 1879 through A de Bary. He conceived
that in a symbiosis different organisms lived together. Today it
understands life together, whether temporary or lasting, as symbiosis in which
different organisms adapt to each other. This relationship of changes between
different organisms, it can have for the partner that fits into a
symbiotic relationship, different meaning.



Example of Symbiosis in nature.

A close relationship between two specific organisms leads to a
"authentic legitimate symbiosis", something like that which takes place between the
hermit crab, the beetle and the sea anemone and like the
ectoparasite annihilator of the mouth cleaner fish (illustration 31). The
symbiosis in which one member cleans the other occurs
abundantly in nature (2B in crabs). Sometimes
There is a useful relationship (like in the pollen station in bees.)
Many individuals, sponges, stinging animals, and worms carry algae.
I can. Symbiosis in plants shows braids, bacterial bulbs and
micro riches.
The hunt for pathogens begins.

Inspired by Leeuwenhoek's discoveries, many researchers,
they saw the possibility of tracking a monster. They were convinced that the
Life could not be spontaneous. At that time, experiments were conducted.
investigative with the decomposition of Hay (Redi 1629-1679, Needham
1713-1781, Jablot 1645-1723, Spallanzani 1729-1799).



A London surgeon fires the "Go" shot in 21st century microbiology.
19.

At the end of the 18th century, J. Adams -a London surgeon- had been concerned with
growing form with the etiological issues of cancer. In the year 1801
an article appeared titled 'Observations on breast cancer', where it discusses
from his observations on the agents in their primitive phase of cancer
mom.



Fermentation - and cancer research.

The initial phase of true microbiological research is located in the
19th century and was fundamentally concerned with the issue of the agent of
cancer like that of the fermentative experiments (yeasts). The same
famous researcher, Pasteur, a research chemist by trade turned to
what was considered a true national problem in France: the
causes of wine fermentation.

As founders of modern microbiology, Louis Pasteur (1822-
1895) and Robert Koch (1843-1910). The miasmatic controversy (represented
by Pettenkofer) and the contagionist (represented by Koch), ended in favor of
of the contagionist (discovery of anthrax 1870 and of the bacillus of
tuberculosis 1882 by Koch). A catalog of historical data from the times
initials of microbiology, with particular comments from the
discoveries that are interesting for pleomorphic thinking
is found in the appendix page 486 ff. This list presents a colossal
investigative exhibition.



Explosion in microbiological research with knowledge
pleomorphic.



History.
1651: Harvey: “All living beings come from an egg” This thesis proved to be unsustainable afterward.

in

meaning of pleomorphism.

1801: Adams observed the primitive phase of the agent for the first time.
cancer in

a breast carcinoma.

1838: Muller confirmed Adams' discovery and named the particle.
infectious

the seed of disease

1848: Rokitanski: Related fibrins as a cause of the genesis of cancer.

1865: Bechamp: His hypothesis establishes a circular path of the substance

living beings. He discovered that all the cells of plants and animals
(also the

coal stones) contain microparticles that after they are dead do not

they return to the ground. He called them "Microsomes" "molecular granules." It

interpreted as basic substances that provoked the epidemics.

1866: Friedreich: In the circulation of blood, charges are generated with
factors

tumoral.

1867: Haller: Knowledge about Bacterial Polymorphology.

1870: Fresen characterized a mold fungus. This species was noted.
after like

Mucus Rasemosus.

1876: Cohn: Discovered durable forms of bacteria that he described as
spores.

1867: Koch: Bacteria can develop in spores.

1877: Nägeli: All the sticks, spiral fibers, etc. are
isometrically

separated, as regulated units together.

1879: Robin: Descubrió una bacteria de bastones como “Leptotricia Bucalis”
the one that


corresponds to a cycle of the stage of the endobionts of Enderlein and outside
detailed study by V. Brehmer.

1880: Wernich: In liquids, pathogen formations can be seen
labile

1881: Brefeld: Large kingdoms of forms in subtilis bacteria.

1883: Zopf: An individual bacterium can, in the course of its life, go through
various

forms of growth.

1883: Kurth was checking the formations of Godenias. Kurth considered
the

mistakenly, as forms of ontogenetic development of the

superior bacteria.

1884/86: Hueppe: Next to simple bacterial forms there are also
formations

pleomorphic.

1884: de Bary: Separated the endospores and arthrospores. The latter are identical to
the

Gomidias.

1884: Lampiasi: In the blood of cancer patients, bacilli appear in
ways to

spores that are generated in the bones of animals.

1885: Gasperini: Involutive forms are conducive to types of
bacteria, such as

the degenerative mites.

1885: Ferrán: The involutive forms such as those of the cholera agent are
fruit-bearing.



Enderlein – The great pioneer of pleomorphism and parasitology.



Data of a great researcher.

Günther Enderlein was born on August 7, 1882, in Leipzig, as the son of a
family
settled educators in Leipzig. After the studies of
preparation, study

natural sciences with an emphasis on zoology. She completed her studies with a
qualification

Suman cum. Later he was an official at the Berlin Museum of Zoology.
During their

more than 40 years dedicated to science published more than 500 works
scientists.



Brilliant idea from a brilliant researcher.

In 1916, he was the first to discover the possibility of reverse development of the
Microbes of lower forms to higher forms. From there, the idea arises of
that copulation does not necessarily mean subsequent development in it
ontogenic. In 1925 he published "Cyclegenesis of Bacteria" converted into
model book of Pleomorphism. Then it dealt with the importance of the
primitive symbiosis, as well as its possibilities for development. In 1946
it raises the idea of endobionts. As endobionts fundamentally
described Mucor racemosus Fresen and Aspergillus Tieghem respectively.
possibly it develops ascendantly (Progressive Probaenogeny /
decreased.



Foundation of Private Institutes.

He founded a private institute of microbiology in Berlin, where
They develop many types of preparations from mold fungi.
He was for many years a manufacturer for the firm Sanum in Berlin. Enderlein
he focused all his thoughts on the concept of total health and gave this theory
the name of Akmosofia (from the Greek akmae).



Foundation of the factory in Aumühle.

After the Second World War, Enderlein founded an Institute in
Aumühle

near Berlin and Hamburg. In this company called 'UBICA' he worked
of

important issues regarding Pleomorphism, symbiosis and the
improvement in

of the preparations.
1968 - Year of Enderlein's passing.

After the death of Enderlein, his widow Siegrid Enderlein led UBICA.
until 1975; from this moment on, he took charge of the firm and the program.
of prepared products, the firm Sanum Kelhbeck in Hoya. It was also
successfully expanded the therapeutic repertoire.



Bacterial Cyclogenesis - always a model job. (s.i)



V. Brehmer - a life dedicated to the search for the cancer parasite.



The path of an endless education.

Doctor Wilhelm v. Brehmer was born on March 24, 1883 in Manden.
Wesfalia. After his humanist education in Potsdam, he concludes.
successfully in 1909. He immediately got involved in a job as
assistant to Professor Engler and successfully studies Biology, Physics,
Chemistry, Microbiology, Geology and then Veterinary Medicine and Human Medicine.

More biographical data of an authority.

Before World War I, travel to West Africa with a reputation for
researcher.Soldier in the war.After the war ended, again with the
Professor Engler. In 1923 he directed the Microbiology Laboratory.
Anatomopathology in Berlin. Close collaboration with Professor Pfeiler
regarding viral diseases. During this time, it checks the
existence of microbes in the blood of animals and humans. Appears among
other authorities presenting alongside other authorities about the parasite
of malaria and a new discovery of an intracellular agent
Siponospora polimorfa recognized in the 'World of Medicine'
Publication No. 34 as a possible cancer agent. In 1935, took charge
from the direction of the Paracelsus Institute of Nuremberg.



He was not a supporter of Hitler's regime.

By not accepting the invitation to join the National Socialist Party
German, fell into political intrigues. In 1939 the party forbade him to attend a
Congress in Brussels on cancer. In 1937, the Institute was closed.
Paracelsus by Hitler's orders. He continued working in Berlin. The persecution.
politics with the regulation of the GESTAPO led Brehmer to withdraw,
as a state servant and will work in a private laboratory, which was
completely destroyed during the war.
The Post-war.

In 1945, he works as a researcher in Berlin. In 1947, he publishes the
monograph "Siponospora polimorpha". In 1948, he founded the Academy
International for blood, tumors, and infectious diseases. It
find with famous oncologists and researchers like Issels, Villequez,
in the spa town of Kreuznach. He died in Kassel on October 22, 1958.



Significant research work.

Doctor Brehmer was like Enderlein an tireless researcher, who
parallel to microbiology, it explained matters related to the Milieu.
He developed a team to measure intravascular pH (Hemo-Ionometer) thus
as a special method of coloring. (Appendix on page 536) with which it
they could hold special exhibitions. A large part of his life was dedicated to
to issues related to the microbiology of the cancer agent -here
with the pleomorphic details of the Siponospora - as well as issues in
the treatment of cancer. From here, I developed unique treatments on
food and preparations, such as a vaccine made from the swabs of
the Siponospora.



Unification of a systematic and clear nomenclature. (n.d.)

V.Brehmer – Coloring: Optimal exposure of endoparasitic attacks
intracellular (s.i)

Parasitic cases inside and outside the blood cell with the
possibilities of severe thrombi. (s.i)



An army of researchers is positioned behind the symbiosis of blood and the
blood parasites.



Microbiology at the service of human protection.

Modern microbiology today deals with a multitude of issues that
they necessarily complicate the processes in the laboratories. From here
It is deduced that the research work reaches such a dimension that only
it can be achieved with the creation of various subdisciplines. By penetrating the
man in the microscopic world, seeks to protect himself against the
diseases caused by prions, viruses, mycoplasmas, bacteria, and
mushrooms. This affects the fields of domestic and public hygiene, the
goods production industry and also health knowledge.
Need for a systematization and unification of the nomenclature.

From this urgent need to use practice from the beginning,
systematically had already been indicated by Ernesto Haeckel in 1866 with
that sought guiding help from the whole organic world outside
divided into three groups according to their origin and phylogeny, starting from
the theories of selection and descent of Charles Darwin 1859. Today it
they have a variety of books on microbiology studies about
the specialty (Stanier: General Microbiology. Thiman: The life of the
bacteria. Davis: Microbiology. Hahn, Falke, Klein: Microbiological Medicine
etc.) All the mentioned authors, teams - authors of these books
theoretical, related to the sub-discipline of microbiology such as
Virology, Parasitology, and Mycology present schemes through a
current classification and safe nomenclature that is inspired by the
homologation and that can also be explained in the scientific world.



Is it the lack of pleomorphism, its disunited language?

Since Bechamp's discovery, a multitude of researchers have
guided the research of the organisms in the blood in the cells and
in different tissues. This search anticipates the search for the "agent
of cancer.” A highlighted documentation on this subject published
by Windsto er (1995) in the search for the cancer agent found
differences among scientists regarding the supposed differences
among the elementary corpuscles inside and outside the cell. The
maturation of the research led to all kinds of names
that appear in a list on the following page. From here arose
inevitably the question of identity.



Loss of credibility due to confusion in nomenclature.

A comparative representation and statement since the beginnings of
Pleomorphism (Bechamps) and above all from the existing literature of
Enderlein shows evident divergences related to the
nomenclature as well as in the conceptions regarding the
interpretation of microbiological discoveries. Based on
expressed in the prologue of this book, a clear storm arose
new interests about Pleomorphism; even a correct and sustained
the need for research results to be framed within concepts
modern doctors appear as a mandate of the hour, in line with the
former guide 'Professional' in Diagnosis in the diagnostic area of
dark field and the increase of discoveries about the foundations of value
from the dye preparations induced by scientific valuation. Cannot
stop importing, a unified nomenclature of the
similar contents, thus making it impossible to doubt the credibility of
the results.



The confusion in nomenclature must change with unification. (s.i)



Bechamp-Microsomes.

Schmidt - Viral oncogenic agents.

Enderlein - Endobiotics.

v. Brehmer -Sinospora poliforma.

Villequez - Latent blood parasitism.

Naessens-Somatidas.

Gerlach-Micromycetes.

Nebula-Oncomixa.

v. Weber-Protozoa belonging to microorganisms.

Ruzicka-Mycoplasma like corpuscles etc…(s.i)



Parasitism - An ancient phylogenetic principle.



Parasitism: Definition.

Griego: Parásito = comedón, parásito, parasitismo = forma de vivir los
parasites.

It is an ancient natural phenomenon. This encompasses one or many
cells in plants (phytoparasites) or in animal organisms
(Isoparasites) that in a host (ectoparasite) or inside the
(endoparasite) they feed at its expense. It is understood as parasitology,
According to Thiele, life in a conditioned medium, in which parasites ...
They are related. In general terms, they belong to bacterial pathogens in the
man, also in fungi and viruses, although the term is medical
this idea is generalized to the entire kingdom to which the agents belong
causes of diseases (Wiesmann 1982). This is about
fundamentally of protozoa and helminths.



Endoparasites in the hiding places.
Endoparasites oriented towards parasitism can be introduced.
practically in all compartments of the body; in the womb
extracellular: in the circulatory pathways, body cavities, and inside
of different cells. Thus, many cellular phenomena are related to
the hosts that accommodate. The hidden intracellular parasites
they present a fundamental problem for the

immune defense, especially when the cell wants to protect itself from the parasite.




Host – Parasites: A relationship of exchanges with different
consequences.

Parasites have to do with the vital order of the hosts.
different effects. Depending on the nature of the triggers of
diseases differ by their effects of obligatory pathogenic parasites,
optional or periodic. The criterion for classification orientation is above all
for the pleomorphic point of view of fundamental importance how it will be
subsequently discussed. The development of the parasites may be
related to one or several species of the hosts. (parasitism –
mono or polixero). Parasitoids are forms of life that act as
medium parasites in a particular phase of their parasitic life.



Vascular blockage due to parasites.

The kidnapping of parasites, whether they are the large ones (Cysticerci, Echinococci)

as well as the smallest ones, bacterial parasites can be harmful

sensibly the fluid of the blood. According to Enderlein, they are also

fundamental importance the development steps of endobionts, in

the sense of a disorder, even causing a heart attack or an embolism. Thus
can a

filamentous braid (V. Filetas. Page 198) lead to an accident; in which
case a

blood test the dark field may serve as a warning.



Blood parasites - Enderlein's endobionts are missing from the books
texts.

In the course of the second to the seventh decade of this century, extensive

discoveries indicated the mandatory presence both intra and
extracellularly from certain inhabitants in our body, which
it has been considered by science until today. In a time of complicated
high technology and supposed unlimited possibilities, in which the forms
biomolecules of our body can be penetrated, antibodies
monoclonal antibodies and probes can be placed. This allows the visibility of the
parasites 'derailed' in the sense of an endobiotic step
developed in an easy and direct way, in the dark field, as well as to be
diagnosed with coloring preparations.



Parasites that can plague the hosts of.

Bacteremias - Circulation of parasites in the blood. (s.i)

Blood parasites – intracellular and/or extracellular. (s.i)

Surprising findings on the edges. (s.i)

Monstrous formation: What species?.(n.d)

Protozoa: About 30 unicellular organisms are of medical importance.

Classic example of parasitism in the blood: Malaria.



Blood parasites that cause millions of diseases every year.



Telegram of a possible catastrophe.

The complicated infection and the increase of malaria parasites,
exemplifies in tertiary malaria. (The attached illustrations).



Events with the Anopheles mosquito.

1. – The Anopheles mosquito sucks the blood of a sick person and takes
additionally other generic formations, including gametes.

2. – Flagellation of the gamete in microgametocytes.

3. – Fertilization of the female gamete by the male cell.

4-6. – Interval of shapes up to...

6. - The formation of the oocyte that through the wall of the intestine of
the mosquito moves until it matures into an oocyst.

7. – Development of the oocyte until it forms spore bubbles that later
breaking the cyst, they become sporocytes and are introduced into the
glandular deposits of the mosquito are introduced into the body from here
human by the sting.



Explosion in the human body.

In the human body, we need to distinguish two phases: The phase
pre-erythrocytic and the erythrocytic phase.

II. A.- The pre-erythrocytic phase in the liver and other parenchymal glands.

The sporocytes reside in the cells and multiply asexually.
forming into microzooids and turning into parenchyma cells
or in erythrocytes

II. B.-Erythrocytic Phase.

Red blood cells are the red corpuscles of the blood. They grow in the spaces
Trophozoites grow intracellularly. In the space of the erythrocytes, the
micozoites are free, forming in red blood corpuscles or
transforming into sex cells.

II. C.- Gamete maturation phase.

This maturation process leads to the formation of male cells and
feminine, those taken by the mosquito that bit, the large circle
you can start again with a next victim.



The malaria parasite – a model example for pleomorphism.

The malaria parasite in the blood shows in a particularly
impressive individual cycle possibilities of a species
parasitic. The wealth of forms is a good sign of nature.

Corresponding morphology.

The development and growth of forms in textbooks are compared.
doctors with drawings, photographs, and electron microscopic illustrations and
We see a total similarity with the ideas and discoveries of Enderlein.



Complicated evolutionary cycle with host changes. (s.i)

The cycle belongs to the basic phenomena of being.



The cycle a symbol of primal strength.
The concept of Zyclus = cycles (from the Greek Kiklos = circle) belongs to the
antiquity, presumably man sought symbols to
comprender los procesos elementales en el sentido de sus limitaciones
internal and external in a route direction where one returns to the
starting point. As a symbol of the unity of a force whose expression
circular represented the circumference in the rituals of coral dances and
in the act of gathering around the fire, like the magical rituals of
primitive men. (2) The right used to place the circle (ancient
German skrezzon = Circle, of unkrelzeln) a court or an arena of
ancient combat is the magical effect of the cycle in its original importance in
the meaning of the magic circle or anticamena rites, etc.



The cycle: describing a circle as an idea of something that returns
regularly to the starting point.

The concept of cycle in a broader sense includes: process and journey
in which things or the event are presented repeatedly (cycle
in the field of art, literature, declamation, etc.) In the field of the
material facts, just as in the natural investigation, men lived,
even in those remote times, a design of the sphere of nature, in
evident signs, I saw forms of life that traced a cyclical development,
which expired in days, in the cyclical changes of events
cosmological like those of the moon.



Cycles known to all.

From the point of view of medical biology, the cycle of the
blood circulation, as a cycle in the sense of transportation and
download of substances, between the increase and decrease of volume.
Every woman lives with 'her cycle' during her sexual maturation period.
linked to a change of condition between disposition and care.

Carefully contemplating the organism and the environment in which it develops,
Various cycles can be observed in which a multitude occurs.
in forms based on phenomenological changes. One of those examples
they are offered to us by the different cycles of the malaria stages (pp. 72-73).



Cycles of microbiology: The knowledge of its principles is
they differentiate.

Since the last century, endless controversies regarding the relationship between
the ontogenetic and phylogenetic observation of organisms favored the
monomorphic criterion (Pasteur). It meant, however, a temporary
conviction for species diagnostic criteria, in particular it
establishes in its cyclical development, but different species can in the
framework of their cycle to present different ways of being. Specifically one
primitive form is dependent on the internal milieu as much as the
bacteria like in fungi, to conclude. This is made possible by the
relationship of the dependency of biological development quanta
organisms. This is indicated by the fact that in the microbial world
the emergence of variations expressed in forms may appear
grotesque, which is proven by more than 200 years of the history of microbiology
(see appendix pp. 486-505).



Medical schools are familiar with many microbiological cycles.



Cyclogeny – A circle that returns to the Michitas or Micomeritas.



In 1925, Enderlein showed his Ciclogeny of bacteria.

Since its first discovery in 1916, Enderlein worked fervently and
directly in the idea of a cyclogenesis of bacteria. Before him,
countless researchers (see appendix Stories pages 486-505) had
indicating the existence of an upward evolutionary development cycle of the
germs. In the work published in 1925, he expressed it in chapter VI of
Cyclogenesis of bacteria. 'When things reach their full
development, they return to their origin. Lao-tzu Tao Te Ching. 16th century BC
Christ.



The definition of Enderlein's original idea about Cyclogenesis.

The cylogenes of bacteria is the path of morphological development
through the sum of all generations of the simple units of
michitas. The micromichitas reach a morphological structure
superior, in which separated species transmit qualities and are
they complete with the unit of michitas and micromichitas, and add: The
Cyclical evolution means nothing other than the phylogenetic repetition in that
moment, also in short form intervals. Just like in insects
the egg leads to the larva and this to the chrysalis and to other imaginable stages, it
it goes from one extreme condition to another, between small processes of
development, with the difference that this does not occur in an individual, but rather
in a large number of generations into which it is divided.



The journey begins with the Michitas and the Micomeritas.
Enderlein defined the primitive forms as michitas (see page 269), the
micomeritas (espermitas see pages 234-237) goonitas and oitas, like
indicators of cyclogenesis with a core of 'average value') in which already
elements are found to continue the upward development until the
culminating.

This establishes in advance that the primitive physiological forms
presents (see pages 194-197) are the basis from which the structures
the initials of cyclogenesis must develop. In other words: if in the
blood contains a multitude of small fishes/micomeritas, it may
a tendency to develop ascending pathology
cylogenetic.

Ciclode – a unique course.

If a cyclogenetic development takes place in a single course it will be designated
as it cycles. Each cycle establishes its different forms of development: with
an ascending development (probaenogeny), with an ascending development
como estadio, con los que no se produce subsiguientemente ninguna forma
of later development, perhaps just a eventual multiplication (auxogeny)
of their present forms of being.



Cycle stages - constitutions with two forms of growth.

The cycle stages are defined as ancestry and morphological construction.
Each cycle contains a multitude of different species of cycle stage.

Within each cycle stage, conditions are shown for the change of two
ways to grow: this is how they alternate, for example, like the one in the displayed photo.
right - the growth forms of dimichitas and didimichitas, these
ultimas degenerate into dimichitas from which didimichitas arise again
and so on. Each species has a maximum construction limit.
morphological beyond which it cannot develop. This cycle stage is
design as culminating. The highest form of culminating development is
the fungal stadiums.



The starting point of Cyclogeny: sexual or asexual reproduction. (n.d.)



Important data about the life cycle of parasites.



Probaenogeny – a progress and a regression.

Biological processes are characterized by their uninterrupted dynamics.
Nothing in nature is static. The processes of the continuous
transformations find their expression of abundance in ciclogeny
forms. With these permanent signals of vital dynamic processes,
different events can be observed that are of notable significance
importance for diagnosis and therapy. In each unique 'step', in the
sense in which Enderlein described the 'Cyclode', they are distinguished between a
upward development (progressive probaenogenesis) and a development
descendant (regressive probenogeny).



The culmination as the highest point of development.

The highest point (culminating) of a cycle is the highest in case
"normal" achievable by a particular species in regular development. To
to carry out all the cycle stases of their ascent, all morphological purposes
they form a structure of fungi. The culmination in fungi is not
in all the cases feasible for each species. The cycle of many
species find their point of no return in lower stages, it is said
so the cycle was interrupted prematurely. Each species
it can have multiple peaks. Enter the descending probenogeny
prematurely, thus is the stadium of culmination. Each species can
to have several climaxes; a total cycle begins with reproduction
sexual of two micromers (sperms and ooids) and reach the culmination
with the formation of micromeres (quote from Enderlein. Note: The concept of
Enderlein is not identical to the concept of orthodox bacteriology.



Inhibition of the cycle: Importance for diagnosis and therapy.

A fact of special importance is the immobility (moclose) of development.
cycloid in some cyclostage.

This is exemplified in the use of bacterial cultures in practice.
traditional medicine: bacteria thrive in these relationships of
homologation for days, weeks and months and even more time... In the moclose
The bacteria are pending the general knowledge they have.
of the moclose (quote from Enderlein). In this process, it is clear that in the
In the scope of the diagnostic process, it must be assumed in advance, a
flexibility. Microorganisms develop fully in the
corresponding conditions of the milieu, put a corset in the conditions
vitales is antibiotic.

The mucosa is important for therapy and it should not matter that in a
cycle of auxanogenic germs multiply. The mucosa must be
therapeutically resolved (moclose) with it the small steps of
development can rise to reach high development, from where
they must follow the corresponding management processes, coupled with
Hello, primitive shapes can be separated from the body.
Ciclogenie - Course of morphological development presented by the sum of
all generations probaenogenetic as auxanogenetic, from a
starting point to a culminating development and from here to a return to
starting point.

Cycloid - a course of cyclogenesis - incomplete cycle with short periods,
massive stoppages and multiplications of a particular generation
during a possible particular cycle stage



The course of the cycle can stagnate or divide, interrupting itself. (s.i)



Proticoloid – An albumin that knows what it can do.



How life was formed.

(see also in appendix page 506)

Whoever reads Enderlein's cyclogeny immediately recalls the
Bible (Moses I, Chapter 2, verse 7). It is the breath of God that gives him
energy to the natural world and shapes matter with the emergence of laws and
of factors that make visible and tangible the matter that seeks to be formed
through Quantus. His explanation reaches production at some point.
in ways through the union of the Quantus. Thus today the report
mythological about the achievement of education in the sense that Prometheus does not
has lost its magic.



Environmental changes allow microorganisms to grow.

One of the fundamental pillars of the factors that can give the game
the upward microbiological development consists of the basic content-
acidity. (see page 38 and appendix on page 519). It has been a while since
they know the impulses that can cause acidification, just in case.
Additionally, many factors work, which Enderlein in his
Bacteria - Ciclogeny, indicates as 'causal and conditional factors of
the cyclogenesis; studied in detail. (see pages 88-89).



How does one reach the level of the Michitas?

In the illustration on the side, we see how the configuration forces of the
levels of primitive links are grouped into symprotists (symprotists
page 222). macroprotists (1) and original nuclei (michitas) are formed
(2) that in a later course "they increase their material" (Enderlein) they grow and
they form a wrapper (3). they acquire this original membrane. Finally
they develop their definitive form 'original cells' michitas, tiny
formations that can find abundant sites in erythrocytes.
Differentiation of size between a erythrocyte, the circle, and a little cat (cell)
for a size specification of Enderlein. In the plasma of
an atrophied erythrocyte (R) and a polytrophic (P).



ERYTHROCYTES

real 7μ;

Enlarged. 10,000:1 = 7mm



Michitas:

real 0.6μ;

Enlarged. 10,000:1 = 6mm



Mych

Real 0.1μ;

Magnified 10,000:1 = 1mm



Cells rich in buds and poor in buds.

At the level of the michitas, 5 types of michitas are objectified (above the

illustration 96).

a) Those that contain in almost all their nutrient medium in the form of reserve
In similar cells, sometimes the atrocities are recognized well.
michitas (original nuclei).

b) Those whose cytoplasm is contained in half of buds (motrophs).
Here, the original cores are recognizable like never before.

c) Whose cytoplasm is filled with "reserve substances" (bud)
full of (Pliotrofita 6). The nucleus is not recognizable.

d) Gonidia.

e) Cystitis.
From the small material, primary cells (Michitas) are formed. (s.i)



Upward growth of endobiomes through multiplication
asexual: from protists to fungi.



The upward thrust.

Particularly large molecules seem to be inhabited by
mysterious forces. The constant drive to "socialize" - as he called it
Enderlein to this aspect - this may under certain conditions
(change in pH value) to occur at a moment within the organism
human. The strength of the subsequent modeling was observed and studied by
Enderlein and other researchers in vitro and in vivo, as well as documented.
An example of this is the corresponding experiments of Enderlein with the
solutions of a high colloidal percentage that are in a position to form
any type of synthesis. (V series formation page 318-141). But
also the ultramodern laboratories feverishly seek to challenge that
complex "wisdom" of macromolecules.



Fungi can originate from protists.

The experiment mentioned earlier by Enderlein clearly shows
how as the days go by, from the colloidal material can clearly
mushrooms forming, as in the drawing on page 97 presented by Enderlein. In
With this phenomenon, Haefeli was able to prove in his coloring preparations,
different structures of fungi (see Page 431). Evidently, the
high-performance modern microscopes can (Bradford, Ergonom
400, Somatoscope) completely reveal the development of these endobionts.



Asexual reproduction.

From the publication of the original texts of Enderlein: The reproduction of
Bacteria spread through asexual and sexual reproduction. From which one
sexual reproduction within a cycle only happens once, is called
little attention "(Author's note: The separation of the gametes and the
the female gametes of the michitas can usually be practiced with
microscopic techniques because the steps in this book are not detailed (V.
Bacteria – Ciclogenesis” page 77).
Asexual reproduction occurs with great productivity in the first
plan... Asexual reproduction is divided into monogamous and into
vegetative multiplication through buds that are later separated.



The essential steps of upward evolution.

The primitive step (illustration 98), proven forms of cells
primaries (II) they contain an excess of nutrients (intact cells) for
that the nucleus remains invisible. An intermediate example is that the
cytoplasm has an intermediate degree in its nutrient, called atrosito, a
field through which the nucleus is recognizable (mich). In the context of a
further development III sufficient through cell division daughters and diplomichitas (equivalent to
diplococci). They are followed (fields IV, V, VI) by stick formations,
little hoses (ascis) and finally in fungal and mycelial dashes (-). In addition
the units of michitas are fundamental as the bricks of the
construction.



Grains, original cells, double rods, hose. (n/a)

The endobiotic parasitic organelles – As observed by Enderlein (1925).



Modern definition of organelles.

In strict sense, it is a substructure within a cell that is
limited by a membrane containing the cell. They serve as
singular metabolic matter. As organelles are valuable today in the reticula
endoplasmic reticulum, lysosomes, the Golgi apparatus, etc. In a broader sense
they also belong to the cell membranes that appear as
compartments of certain production of substance changes
metabolic.



Comparison with the discoveries of the year 1925.

The attached table shows a list of Enderlein's organelles.
"Bacteria - Ciclogenesis". It shows two classes:

1. - The position of organelle research during the time of
Enderlein.

2. – Enderlein makes a surprising mention in his "Cyclic-Bacterial" about the
describe the cellular elements of sexual reproduction, not in the framework
of organelle generation.
Details about the organelles of Enderlein.

As in other areas, Enderlein also had basic results here that
Show a list with many data about individual forms of organelles
within the framework of highlighting the need to represent them (detailsV.
Cyclegony - Bacterial

On the attached page 99, some drawn discoveries are shown from the
point of view of that time.



Special exhibition of trophic organelles.

The trophic organelles were particularly summarized by Enderlein as
material



of reserve"; they presented them in the nuclei of the cells and in the processes of
cell division playing a special role at the same time in the
interpretation of the findings regarding bacteriomorphology and how
Changes begin in the nuclei of the cells. The trophic organelles.
they can condition the appearance of stick-shaped balls, as they
see on page 272 in different variants. As a rule, they can make that
the troposomes of the cells hide in extremely poor conditions
environments can see the modality of the michitas, gonodias, sticks
only through one eye, etc. These difficulties of the light microscope - From
Leeuwenhoek's son is resolved by the wonderful microscope (ergonomist 400)
Olbrich, see appendix page 524) that opposed a new sudden dimension.

Organelles:



Generative organelles.



Centrioles Michitas.



Somatic organelles.

1. -Nutrients (tropical) organelles

a) Various components of cyto plasma (Lipoids, amino acids, bodies
albuminoids, alcohols, building bricks, reserve material.

b) Trofoconiosis, trofosoma, trofosomilas.

c) Sporatic granules.
d) Plasmoderm.

2. -Protective organelles that save.

Membranes and epithelial coverings.

3. -Movement organelles

(=Motor organelles).

Flagelos, membranas ondulantes.

4.-Respiratory, digestive and excretory.

Organelles.

Vacuoles, formations of coloring substances.



These documents also prove Enderlein as an eminent pioneer.
of parasitomorphology. (s.i)



Example of an upward development. Development of the endobion.

inside and outside the erythrocyte.



Endobions live both intra- and extracellularly.

Pages 32 and 33 detailed the endobionts.
endogenous substances can be found in any corner of the body, in any cell
and in any bodily fluid. The intense research of blood through
from any access window of the processes inside the
corpuscles, it may give the impression that it is an area of action
of the blood symbionts. However, it is not so, as numerous
cancer histology researchers have confirmed.



Object of study: the blood cell.

The blood cells, however, offer an easy and quick
representation of parasitic life. For this, they provide illustrations in the
page 166 and following, a first testimony of cellular phenomena
morphological as will be clarified in detail later concluding that
also from the blood apparatus malignancies can degenerate and in this
agree with many opinions that some pioneers of oncology have
I have been able to observe, those that are also present in the erythrocytes as
representative of the white cell.
Erythrocytes particularly affected.

In the context of the exhibitions on the processes of immune defense of the
blood, from pages 90 and 91, indicates that overloaded endobionts
the gametocytes in the red blood cells are called 'bunch of'
waste. Possibly the erythrocytes play a role as carriers of the
acidic substances, a central role in the development of endobionts in
that at least in the compartments of the blood of many of the
medical exams, one can talk. Obviously, erythrocytes can
to compensate for their influence in a greater or lesser time by intervening in the
value -acid-, of which one can speak due to the formation of vacuoles
(coloration: acid deposits, according to Haefeli).



From the small protuberances, tubes and mycelia emerge.

Causal and conditional factors of Cyclogenesis.



A multitude of factors must be considered.

Vital processes depend on a multitude of factors. Enderlein
I had dedicated daily and for many years of study, to research
the vital reactions of viruses, bacteria, and fungi. Your colleagues and others
they saw him as tireless, with a high level of work experience, he worked
until exhaustion to achieve high accuracy. It should not surprise us
that his model work, "Cyclogenesis -bacterial" will cover the field of
conditions of microbiology proven the results of its
research and that of its collaborators.



Relevant facts.

A detailed list appears regarding the topic in the illustrations of the
page that follows. Recommending to learn about every interesting detail by reading the
original in the manner of Enderlein, its process, and accuracy thus
like his meticulousness.



Discoveries from many years of research.



Bacterial species can exist in different media and also in
equal means, show different growths. Breeding and cultivation or others
Reproductions sometimes provide an opportunity for mochlolysie: it may arise
mykasitas

The acidity value (pH) has extraordinary importance in development.

(See pages 31-39 for pH value, homeostasis in the appendix, page 519). A medium
acid shows above all a culminating ferment to hinder the
microsomes. The alkaline environment promotes the formation of gonidia
rested/ lasting form.

Virulence and pathogenicity are linked to specific stages of the cycle.

Resistance against the destructive effect of salts.

• Life stages that, with all the help of culture media, are not
they occur, they can occur in the human body.

Bacteria develop impressive strategies in their development.
toxins in order to survive.

Contrary to early claims that sunlight inhibits
bacteria, this expands probagenesis and in countless cases they arrive
up to the climax.

Bacteria can reproduce both sexually and asexually.

The forms of growth alternate within a certain
bicycle stadium.

The michitas can, through polydynamics, make changes in their
nuclei, in stable and durable forms (Gonidia cystitas).

If a microorganism halts its development at a stage, it can
massively multiply that species (auxanogenetic).

The cycle is interrupted by a series of Dimychotes, which stabilize or
endure.

By centralizing the experiments, other authors prior to Enderlein
they considered the influence of electricity absolutely possible in the
Ciclogenie.



The acidic substance, temperature, feeding or pH value, or

spheres or tubes, on a later development or intervals: Everything is
important.



Causal factors of cyclogenesis.
A.- Cycle stages.

1. Basita (probasita, anabasita)
2. They will complain


3. The little girl.


profit

b) anaﬁta.

c) surveillance.

d) esporita. (desporita and didiporita).

4. Group of katataktis ascites.

a) Fitascitas

b) Sporadicities.

c) Births.

d) Cystitis.

e) Tecascitas

Tacositos.

5. Synthetic ascites group.

a) Births.

b) Endotecites and artrolecites.

6. Plastics.

a) Proplastitas.

b) Cataplasties.

7. Zoitas.

8. Pseudoascites.

9. Fruiting.

10.Coeinbium.

B.- The Formants.

Forms designations (Cyclical stages)

a) Mycosis.
b) Straws.

2. Physiological and biological designators.

a) Mucous membranes.


b) Color difference in colored medium.

c) Color of the material.

d) Carbon disintegration (preferably sugary)

e) Alkalogen.

Acidogenic.

g) Disintegration of albumin

jelly-like fluid.

i) Virulence and pathogenicity.

Fluorescent faculty.

Binding faculty.

l) Hemolysis.

m) Parasitism.

n) Acid tolerance: anaerobiosis.

o) Thermoresistance.

Colonial form.

C.- Colony.

Primary colony.

Secondary colony.

D. – Mochlose and Mochlolise.

Mochlose.

2. Mochlolise.

3. pseudomochlose.

4. pseudomoclolise.

E.- Cyclode (basic laws of cyclogenetics).
Conditional factors of cyclogenesis.

A. Trophomorphosis.

Neutral solid medium.

2. Neutral fluid medium.

3. Parasitism, symbiosis.

4. Sintrophosis.

B. Quimomorphism.

Alkaline (alkalomorphosis).

2. acid (Oximorfosis).

3. Salty (Holomorphism).

4. Poison (Toxicomorphosis).

5. Other effects.

6. Termomorphosis.

7. Aeromorphosis.

8. Photomorphosis.

9. Electromorphosis.



Much is said about the 'defense', much is still unknown: Enderlein and the
modern immunology.



The human body is constantly threatened.

Pathogens threaten the organism daily (1), whether they are
inanimate particles (2), others without antigenic effects or foreign cells
in individual or multicellular forms that carry structures on their surface
antigenic. In appropriate situations, the agents provoke immune defenses.
in the membranes.



Enemy defense instrumentation.

In the case of reduction of the defense corpuscles by (5) the
"Escape Mechanisms" caused by a sudden amount, although not
dominant, aggressive substances provoke a disease.
Usually, the distinction of this in a healthy organism is made with all
tranquility. The foreign cells are samples with or without assistance from
antibodies or by complement factors or by cellular cytotoxicity
The foreign and antigenic cells are with or without the help of the
phagocytosed and digested antibodies. The remnants, as well as the cells
Those ruined by cytotoxicity must be set apart (8). Within the
phagocytes this strange material disintegrates and with giant enzymes it
they develop in particles that in the plane of phagocytosis or by changes in
substances integrate or are made available to the host organism
to excrete them.



What happens when this defense fails?

All microorganisms and corpuscular antigens that manage to penetrate
from outside the body are detected. They are normally
recognized and eliminated. In addition, there are the killer devourers,
helper cells, enzymes, antibodies, complement components,
etc. If this recognition unit and the mechanisms of extinction are extinguished
eating demands too much or is self-defective, this insufficiency leads to
corresponding symptoms of illness.



What happens with endobionts?

In the illustration on the side, there are 3 endobion parasites.
schematized (11-13) whose primitive non-pathogenic cyclical phases (14-
16) remain healthy inside the field. Upon reaching a considerable
increase of its primitive structure (e.g. of the endobion no. 13) occurs a
pathological upward development (18) leading to a process of
disease. This situation is interpreted by Enderlein as
defensive only through the copulation of the sperm (see page 48 and the
illustration 103 no. 19) and/or by means of the use of phagocytosis (see p. 28 and
no. 20 in illustration 103) what is controllable to a proper extent.
The endobionts - Enderlein - are not digestible (These are on the steps
inferior, so from the point of view of pleomorphism, its presence
physiological in the body is permanent. In the case of bacterial structures
endobiotic mycologicals this thesis is not applicable. The devouring cells
charged ones perish emptying their content into the plasma or into the tissues or
they download their deposits in the erythrocytes (ERI) (See 21). This process of
waste is observable with Haefeli's tinctures in the dark fields and
clear. The overloaded erythrocytes explode (22) and scatter the endobions
in the environment or forms developed, staggered in the red cells,
Where they can impose mushroom structures.



Double model of defense against endogenous and exogenous aggressors. (s.i)
A hygiene professor from Hamburg confirmed Bechamp.



Dumbars writings from the year 1907.

In the year 1893, I made observations that approximated the concept that
bacteria are not independent organisms and that especially, in the
circle of their development, belonged to the higher plants." With these
words began the hygienist Dumbars 1907 his treatise. Position of
system of bacteria, yeasts, and molds. In this work, the author proposes
his exact investigations in the cells of the algae, theme of the then
world of science in those times.



Summary of the global thought on Pleomorphism.

Dunbar's results are valuable for reading; they document
the results of the pleomorphic research from the era of Dumbars on
just like that of their contemporaries. At the same time, they document the
careful pronouncements within a predominant world science,
oriented towards monomorphism.



New edition by George Meinecke 1981.

In 1981, George Meinecke started a new edition of the studies of
Dumbars from which a drawn representation as a collage is exhibited.
on the page to the side. Meinecke rated it more than a document outside of
time that as an example of description about the line and the contours of
extraordinary results and as an example of patience and care
Scientists should still have great significance today.



Critical observations of Dumbars' research results.

In an extensive prologue for the new edition, Meinecke related in the
page 28 critical ideas, reflections on the factors that enable the
transformation of cells, cellular structures (GordónF.Liadale 1969)
that do not present a cyclical condition. This is highlighted in point 5 of
further down, transformations into specific types during development.

regularly

b) in very 'irregular' forms of transformation.
1. Bacteria and other typical microorganisms achieve through their
typical functions - the consequent formation of a specific component
stable.

2. This does not contradict the other facts perceived by other specialties.
(that in a development cycle) that they possessed beforehand.

3. New research has undoubtedly proven that bacteria and
Other microorganisms can make hereditary changes.

4. This shows the fact of pleomorphic antibiotic induction, the
production of Genoplasts through the effect of enzymes with rare
growth presences in the endobiosis that pass their deformations to
the cells of the tissues, generalizing their particles in one direction
Functional Genoplasmatics, but also of growth through the
influence of lithium chloride.

It was proven correct for the interpretation of the functions.
microbial and the primary formation processes the premise of a
specificity so that changes can occur through others
participatory effects.

6. As a novelty, the book Dumbar had a meaning for the future.



Plants also contain cytobions.

Cyclogenesis of a cancer agent: from saprophytes to parasites. (n.d.)

Varieties of microorganisms in the blood of a cancer patient.

Microorganisms originating from the patient's cultures. (s.i)



Growth periods in the cyclogenesis of the rods: in original text from
v. Brehmer.



1-3 The narrowing of conidia at the ends of a rod
siphonophore

that after dividing develops in a sporangial phase.

4 With the following narrowing of the extreme core, another is separated
member.

5-12 Development of several members of a siphonospore with a head in the
extreme

(5).
The extreme cores of the rod divide into two daughter cores.

7 New shoots begin to germinate at both ends of the stick.

mother. One daughter remains on the mother rod while the second one
transform into a new germination.

The core daughter of the new generation is divided into two grains.

The daughter cells constrict without separating.

10-11 After a complete narrowing, the repair begins
daughter cell

from the stem cell.

12Complete a new formation producing three individuals. Often a

daughter stick reaches the size of the mother. They often stay.
short. In the unwavering growths especially in the disks
they follow the same development until reaching the length of the limbs that
they produce several rods

individuals which grow in individual members as it is more
above described.

13-15 Production process of rod branching.

13 After division, the extreme nuclei of the mother cell
divide into

two child nuclei that again divide into children, potentially contributing
new germinations from which two rods are separated by contact
individuals. They are often long rods when the daughter rod is not in the
position where the rods do not find space to push against each other.

14 Lateral separations grow in daughter cells, narrow and
remain in

union with the stem cell. Such stages of development easily change to

a genuine branching.

15 After a complete narrowing, the daughter cell detaches from
the cell

mother and germinate in subsequent individual rods. The branching is not

authentic as often it is with superior mushrooms it's rather a
apparent ramification as no further growth occurs in 2
spatial dimensions.
The growth process described above of the siphonospora rods is
distintas, en principio, del de la multiplicación de las bacterias en forma de
rods that by narrowing divide into two equal rods whose
Individual parts by rule are of equal length.

As a result of the germinations of the daughters at both ends of
the mother rods have linear growths of the rods of
siphonospora in a spatial dimension.



V.Brehmers Intensive Research Work Document: The Kaleidoscope
morphological of the siphonospora Poliforma. (s.i)

Many researchers look for similarities or equalities; they reinforce the
Pleomorphism. (s.i)

Pleomorphic changes are pH-dependent. (s.i)

Pleomorphic diagnosis - Dedicated study of structures; a synopsis
for visual instruction. (s.i)

Grainy rings, sparkling rings, tubular shapes pseudopods,
steps (v. Neergaard, 1933). (n.a)

Microphotograph of a blood preparation according to Neeryaard 1938. (n.p.)

Koch saw movable granules that were 'fixed' in the bacteria.

(from Neeryaard, 1933). (s.i)

Pleomorphic diagnosis - Achieved by a fortunate good
observation.

Pleomorphism as observed by Nebel and Naessens and

how they tested to document it. (s.i)

In the search for the cancer agent, he also found Nebel processes.
cyclonic.

Studies without interruption between 1912 and 1932 (E. Frankfurter 1932). (n.p.)

Studies of malignant processes. Jacob Engels cycles in the year 1938. (s.i)

Engravings of Boesflugs on 'the development of the Endogenous flora': From
granules to fungi. (s.i)

Boesflug strove to understand the dependence between biochemistry and the
microbiology

Fragments in the original study protocol of Boesflug:

Relationship between pH value and growth forms. (s.i)
Boesflug panorama of its conceptions and the endobiotic nomenclature. (n.d.)

Alfonso Weber - "Ca. Protozoa with a complex life cycle". (n.d.)



Investigations in Erding.

Many years ago, Alfonso Weber published his studies on blood and
the tissues of cancer patients. I classify them as "Ca. Protozoa"
microbes that had a similarity to the complicated development of the cycle
of malaria (page 73, illustration 87). In condescension with Enderlein,
described the parasites of the erythrocytes in which they multiplied. Here
Forms that Weber classified in his mature form as 'oosoitos' entered.



Perturbation of phasemitosis.

In adult immunodeficiency, can oocytes attack the cells?
of the body and trigger tumors. During the virulence of the 'Ca.
Protozoa for the subsistence of the protozoan population are presented.
physiological actions of vital importance (reaction) and it is the action
carcinomatous to treatment, reproduction, and ability to ingest.
Weber also suggested that through this proto-infection, one reaches a
disorder. This disorder is a signal that draws attention to the
general tissue infection.



The Ciclogenia of Gerlach: Mandatory parasitic fungi through the
"Microsoma blastogens" (1948).



Publications between 1937 and 1975.

The pathologist, microbiologist, and hygienist Franz Gerlach, Professor of
Veterinary in Vienna belongs to the ranks of meritorious researchers.
of Pleomorphism. He spent many years dealing with the issues of
epidemics. In his work "Cancer and Obligated Parasitic Fungi", Vienna, 1948,
describe Gerlach how he observed fungi in malignant tumors. He called them
these microorganisms "Microsymas blastógenos". Subsequently classified
a group between viruses and bacteria as similar organisms to the
pleuropneumonia-like organisms (PPLO) and in the 1950s they were classified as mycoplasmas.




Long years at the Issels Clinic.

From 1958 to 1973, Gerlach directed the Microbiology Laboratory in this.
famous clinic. The abundance of clients who suffered from cancer gave the
Need for a systematization and unification of the nomenclature.

From this urgent need to use practice from the beginning,
systematically had already been indicated by Ernesto Haeckel in 1866 with
that sought guiding help from the whole organic world outside
divided into three groups according to their origin and phylogeny, starting from
the theories of selection and descent of Charles Darwin 1859. Today it
they have a variety of books on microbiology studies about
the specialty (Stanier: General Microbiology. Thiman: The life of the
bacteria. Davis: Microbiology. Hahn, Falke, Klein: Microbiological Medicine
etc.) All the mentioned authors, teams - authors of these books
theoretical, related to the sub-discipline of microbiology such as
Virology, Parasitology, and Mycology present schemes through a
current classification and safe nomenclature that is inspired by the
homologation and that can also be explained in the scientific world.



Is it the lack of pleomorphism, its disunited language?

Since Bechamp's discovery, a multitude of researchers have
guided the research of the organisms in the blood in the cells and
in different tissues. This search anticipates the search for the "agent
of cancer.” A highlighted documentation on this subject published
by Windsto er (1995) in the search for the cancer agent found
differences among scientists regarding the supposed differences
among the elementary corpuscles inside and outside the cell. The
maturation of the research led to all kinds of names
that appear in a list on the following page. From here arose
inevitably the question of identity.



Loss of credibility due to confusion in nomenclature.

A comparative representation and statement since the beginnings of
Pleomorphism (Bechamps) and above all from the existing literature of
Enderlein shows evident divergences related to the
nomenclature as well as in the conceptions regarding the
interpretation of microbiological discoveries. Based on
expressed in the prologue of this book, a clear storm arose
new interests about Pleomorphism; even a correct and sustained
the need for research results to be framed within concepts
modern doctors appear as a mandate of the hour, in line with the
former guide 'Professional' in Diagnosis in the diagnostic area of
dark field and the increase of discoveries about the foundations of value
from the dye preparations induced by scientific valuation. Cannot
stop importing, a unified nomenclature of the
III. Diagnosis A

Introduction - General instructions.

A glance at the blood but with a complete idea!



Pleomorphism in the field of dualistic conception.



Conceptual definition of "Dualism".

(Dual from Latin, duo = two, a dual formation)

Dualism is originally the condition of those philosophical 'systems'
that they base


in the principle of duality of all forms of being. Dualism is the
theory of a

double and contrary principle (God - world; spirit - matter; soul - body).
The

dualistic thought seeks to describe and investigate the relationship of this
beginning. In the

In the history of religions, we find the guide of dualistic thought.
in their

philosophies: in China Yin and Yang, in the Orphic-Gnostic the body model
-soul;

In the Manichaean dualism of light-darkness, the idea of two principles in the
parsis in the

sense matter, good-evil.



The wave-particle dualism.

In physics, there is also the criterion of bilateralism. It is based on the
multiple

experiments that prove the fact that atomic forms
subatomic like the

Electrons and photons exhibit a wave-particle relationship.
The dualist idea does not mean 'separation'.

In geometry, due to the axiomatic systems, there is the dual idea of
the line y

the point. Nevertheless, one can conceptualize both in their
corresponding formal positional relationship, change them and extract one
true statement

(individual as well).



A new (point of view in the dual relationship?).

In the search for the causality of being, man finds the
contradictory and

unsustainable principle of the "primary cause", this primary cause describes
in a way

transcendental the force of God. Realism speaks in parentheses of a
principle

energetic
human, the

human thought can revert to a chain of causes
only until

certain point. If there is an original force, a force that unites, contains
guide

modifies everything that exists – she is equal to the destiny in the tropic of the cosmos,
a condition

final sin 'eternal order' responsible for everything 'that exists' showing itself
according to your


will in the form of Yin and Yang, the substantial, the immaterial, and the cause
original

it possesses the dualistic principle within itself, it is duality itself. It belongs to the
experience

the practice of the life of each man placed in the tense field of
dualism for

to live and have to live. Such concepts have for daily life and with
hello for

the problems of realizing a basic meaning.
Without a dual background, the healing remains incomplete.

If man wants to consider the primary cause as "principle
energetic

presents the possibility of being able to place it in the target world as a
form of

energy of matter or as a form of non-material energy, which in
certain limits

he/she would allow themselves to be diagnosed accordingly. In other words, a doctor in their
work

with a patient, it is necessary to orient oneself dualistically. This applies in the
sense of what

the efforts of medicine must employ a dual approach to
understand the being

human both as material and immaterial, as humans of radiation

energetic, aura, psyche, soul as well as a system of organs,
cells

connective tissues and chemical substances (see illustration on the right page).
Yin y

Yang, destruction and construction, synthesis and analysis, would be without the
dual formulation

contradictory and incomprehensible. It obviously means an appreciation
intensive

of the condition of being (see page 36) homeostasis what is worth knowing and
to deal with the

land of psychology the regulation of health fluctuations.



The duality of being will be more considered.



The idea of a complete diagnosis is announced today.



The path of a new medicine?
The individuals of modern industrial society return time and again to
a

disappointing localist orientation of the medical apparatus that no longer supports.
They begin

for frequently criticizing this type of medicine. Healers, centers
spiritual

sanadores o los trabajadores de la especialidad biológica, experimentan una

concurrence like never before seen. The central idea as the bearer of the

healing adapts excellently to the universal conception of
pleomorphism

microorganic.



Diagnosis with a total vision.

The pleomorphic diagnosis remains unilateral and thus imperfect if
is not

physiological, pathogenetic as well as pathological dependent as considered by the
point

from the perspective of total health.


Blood is also for the medical school not just a limited
organ

liquid
how

diagnostic tool for countless physiological and pathological processes
del

body.



Pleomorphic diagnosis on more solid grounds.

The complete examination of a patient is expensive, it uses the highest.
technique of the

an amnesia, "a diagnosis of every corner" in the sense of a complete

complete investigation of the body examining the most minute details
corners. A total
exploration establishes today also different ways that present
specific issues

about which the patient often expresses their dissatisfaction. The
sample experience

that the different basic questions of a doctor are important. From
here they are worth


the interrogation with different documentation objectives to establish

subsequently the costs. They legitimize the achievement of different
processes of

diagnostics.



Advantages of time invested.

The spending on research for chronic diseases in patients
multimorbid is

high, but in any case it is recoverable. That is how it is in the relationship with the patient
in which the

the process is calm, it saves energy loss on the part of the therapist
due to the

stress. Next to a necessarily limited improvement at the beginning
for

joining it to the therapeutic process, this method, as is known, proves valuable.



Make use of all the possibilities of the information.

There is an abundance of diagnostic tools and methods that
therapists

they seek to 'look inside the body' that the expansion of life seems
to reach the

specialists to explore all these possibilities. This and more
after the

results obtained over 20 years have brought him a proper transfer
of the

knowledge of ancient medicine from the Far East to Western Europe and
to States
United. Only with the ancient knowledge about meridians, points of
acupuncture

energy channels, dermatomes, projection field, etc. – one can
acquire

depth - of the lessons of life. To the concept of an education
modern of the

natural medicine belongs, according to the author's opinion, not only to the use of
of the

possibilities of blood information through a fundamental use
of

comprehensive microscopic methods for in vivo analysis, as well as

prepared in vitro: the diagnosis plays an important role here
of the field

dark in relation to the opinion on color preparations with a view to the

medical prevention as well as for therapeutic indications
they can

control successes and failures.



Use all the possibilities – the repertoire will never be sufficient
broad. Knowing what and when.



A pleomorphic sample not only under the microscope.



Diagnosis, a broad spectrum:

Anamnesia.

It includes both exogenous and endogenous factors, congenital and acquired.

psychic, social, biographical, and professional. Diagnoses already ordered
existing and

therapeutic failures, measures, eventual anamnesis and personal background.



Physical examination.
Complete body check-up 'Angle Exam'. Use of all
knowledge of the

superficial diagnosis: dermatomes; diagnosis of the area of the skull;
diagnosis of

reflexes, dermography, iris diagnosis.



Bioenergetic research.

Electroacupuncture, auriculopuncture, electroencephalogram, cardiogram
myogram

bioresonance methods.



Scopings, Punctures.

Endoscopy, puncture of different cavities and circulatory pathways, testing of
biopsies.



Laboratory Tests.

Blood, urine, excreta, immune status, mineral substances, vitamins.



Blood diagnosis using a microscope.

dark field microscope, phase contrast microscope,

differential interference microscope...

Dyeing methods.

The pleomorphic diagnosis primarily based on analysis

cellular and plasmatic morphology.



Blood diagnosis - a broad field.

"Blood is a very special juice." The idea that blood is a key
important

to assess the conditions of the body, it is old. The modern diagnosis of
the blood,
It encompasses a complicated number of methods for the same specialists.
(illustration

143). Hematological subdisciplines have existed for some time now:
grassroots specialists,

cytodiagnostic specialists, semiological study of the blood, etc.



The exteriors provide a special picture.

K. H Blank (1991) reported under the theme of auroscopy: The principle of

diagnosis of auroroscopy uses information about blood quality in
a

way in which all the structural frames correspond to the formation
anatomical

considering the information reflectively. In correspondence to
principle

holographic that the set of all stored information is found
in the

smallest elements of the body. Therefore, the information about the
condition

the energetic and morphological aspects of a disease are contained in the amount
more

small blood.



The analysis of blood crystals aids in diagnosis.

Interesting phenomena around new knowledge of Haefelis to
analyze

in detail the phenomenon of blood crystallization. Also the
exams

from Enderlein in the dark field, as well as the staining methods
analytics according to


v. Brehmer or according to Haefeli regularly find manifestations in the
scope of

crystallization or pseudocrystallization for ordering. Enderlein had
employee
time in studying the discoveries of morphological crystallization in
prepared

living while experimenting with high protistic solutions
percentage and for

this route enables the establishment of regulated measures of the
formations

microorganisms that can be discovered in the field of probaenogeny.

Spagyuker focused on crystalline formation.

By modifying U. J. Heinz's old spagyrics method of blood diagnosis
(see

fundamental works 'Spagrk - Alternative Medicine', Bauer Verlag
1985) usa

the blood - as already described in the aurescopy - as a bearer of
information. The

blood - it is said - invades 72% of the body. In the blood appears all the
information

chemistry, physics, and reactants that is stored and flows from the tissues.

Other details about the importance of this phenomenon were discussed on pages
450-456

because also in the framework of the pleomorphic blood diagnosis -
micological the

evidence of pseudo crystals as fungal formations have a
important

dirección. Este libro tiene como prioridad la presentación morfológica de la
blood

within the pleomorphic observation in its entirety. It is oriented towards the
results of

dark field microscopy and the value of stains in microscopy.



The color palette of the possibilities to diagnose a

look at the blood 'flowing organ'. (s.i)



Pleomorphic blood diagnosis.
Microscope, blood cells.

Plasma cells, Milieu, - investigate them.

(Acid-base domain).



A glimpse into the biological microcosm since 1670.



The starting point of a new era.

It is true that the beginning of the history of bacteriological medicine is
joined to the


name of Robert Koch after he proved in 1876 that a disease
infectious

that invades the organism is caused by a specific agent (fungi).
However

the Dutch enthusiast of polishing lenses Antoni van Leeuwenhoek (1632-1723)
he had

given an impulse, after seeing things under the microscope for the first time
than before

they were hidden from the human eye.

The image of spontaneous generation had long been upheld.

For long centuries, man believed in the possibility of generation.
spontaneous: it

I deduced as I always had that life arose from dead matter.

Surprisingly, this theory was upheld until the mid-19th century.
until

finally appeared the ecclesiastic Lazzaro Spallanzani (1729-1799),
predecessor

of the French chemist Louis Pasteur, whose viewpoint refuted the
generation

spontaneous.



A series of discoveries of microorganisms.
In the 19th century, the headlines began to indicate an explosion in the
research

microbiological that link a delicate constant microscopic technique
primitiva

look deeper into the microflora and microfauna. In the midst of
it is agitated

despertar investigativo microbiológico (tabla 8) se buscaba también el
pleomorphism

of the agents of diseases and cancerous tumors, from where they
they employed everyone


the teams: with the microscope being an essential instrument for
a new

dimension in natural observation. Who then and today works on the
diagnosis of the

blood has to use its own microscope.



Table 8: Example of some diseases, whose agents were
discovered between 1876 and 1906.

Anthrax 1876

Gonorrhea 1879

Typhus 1880/84

Tuberculosis 1882

Erysipelas 1882/83

Diphtheria 1884

Cholera 1883

Tetanus 1884

After 1894

Actinomycosis 1891

Gas fire 1892

Syphilis 1905

Whooping cough 1906
The tool for all pleomorphic diagnosis: The microscope. (n.d.)

The trick of proper lighting.



Microscopy.

Microscopy: It is the observation of objects with the help of an appropriate

appropriate microscope, with which the eye sees the visual angle enlarged.
object

focused, as seen in the conventional method.

Microscope: Two optical systems, namely: the objective and the ocular, a
system of

lighting that supports the mechanical part and directs the optical part.

Illuminated field: The lighting affects the objective, the object is displayed.
dark

in a lit background.



Dark field.

Here, oblique light penetrates the object only in the circular light target/range.
lateral (the

object appears clear in the dark background (Lenk, Gellert, special lexicon of
physics, 1974).



Transversal light microscope.

The object is illuminated transversely, the beam of light is in front of the
observer. This procedure is used in dark fields as well as
clear.



Fluorescent microscope.

Shape of the opaque microscope with ultraviolet illumination to make visible
the corresponding object marked with fluorescent substances.

The fluorescent microscope only allows ultraviolet rays to pass through, so that
the selected colored substance is illuminated on light and dark backgrounds.

Phase contrast microscope.
The Post-war.

In 1945, he works as a researcher in Berlin. In 1947, he publishes the
monograph "Siponospora polimorpha". In 1948, he founded the Academy
International for blood, tumors, and infectious diseases. It
find with famous oncologists and researchers like Issels, Villequez,
in the spa town of Kreuznach. He died in Kassel on October 22, 1958.



Significant research work.

Doctor Brehmer was like Enderlein an tireless researcher, who
parallel to microbiology, it explained matters related to the Milieu.
He developed a team to measure intravascular pH (Hemo-Ionometer) thus
as a special method of coloring. (Appendix on page 536) with which it
they could hold special exhibitions. A large part of his life was dedicated to
to issues related to the microbiology of the cancer agent -here
with the pleomorphic details of the Siponospora - as well as issues in
the treatment of cancer. From here, I developed unique treatments on
food and preparations, such as a vaccine made from the swabs of
the Siponospora.



Unification of a systematic and clear nomenclature. (n.d.)

V.Brehmer – Coloring: Optimal exposure of endoparasitic attacks
intracellular (s.i)

Parasitic cases inside and outside the blood cell with the
possibilities of severe thrombi. (s.i)



An army of researchers is positioned behind the symbiosis of blood and the
blood parasites.



Microbiology at the service of human protection.

Modern microbiology today deals with a multitude of issues that
they necessarily complicate the processes in the laboratories. From here
It is deduced that the research work reaches such a dimension that only
it can be achieved with the creation of various subdisciplines. By penetrating the
man in the microscopic world, seeks to protect himself against the
diseases caused by prions, viruses, mycoplasmas, bacteria, and
mushrooms. This affects the fields of domestic and public hygiene, the
goods production industry and also health knowledge.
The best lighting can be seen by practicing while guiding the condenser.
minimum up or down.

Evaluation of the preparation according to Prof. Enderlein/ v. Brehmer.




Kurt Olbrich produced a new dimension of the microscope.



More points that can be known!

Advantages of Ergonon over other traditional tip microscopes:

Easy handling, no difference compared to the usual microscopes.
tip.

High-performance observation capability without vaporization.

Lightness in the monochrome placement.

Very high resolution value (below 250 nm). It is possible to

magnification > 30,000:1. No spherical chromatic aberration.

Despite this expansion, observations of moving objects are,
possible both live and in video.

Variable depth sharpness. With this, you can reach a space of
deeply enormous action. (Illustration 153).

• Preserves the fine nuances, without colorization. This documents the
research in its original quality.

• Lighting system with bright light implying normal light. The rise of
the temperature, despite the strength of the light, only reaches 5°C above the
ambient temperature.

Switch the speed segments of the normal microscopic technique to the
ergonomic technique. With this, it takes full advantage of the most processes
small ones that the researcher uses.

Possibility of eliminating monochromatism from traditional preparations
through special contrast processes.



Documentation of the resolution capacity of the Ergonm 400. (s.i)

Now structures are known that the light microscope never saw before.
(s.i)
Also in the USA high-performance microscope: Bradford BVPM System.



Bradford System - Variable Projection Medical Microscope.

For years, news about a microscope has been arriving in increasing numbers.
high performance in the Atlantic. In Chula Vista, the
Bradford Research Institute.

Among others, they are carried out based on the development of the technique.
intense microscopic blood diagnostics.



Catalog of the Faculty of Performance.

With a magnification capacity of between 40 and 15000:1, dark field,
phase contrast, 150 watts cold light, polarized light, interference
differential, dense filters, various objectives, monitor, video printer and
color video recorder VHS offers Bradford in LBA (=Analysis of
live blood: blood analysis) remarkable diagnostic possibilities.
In addition, it accounts along with traditional parameters (with a status
updated nutritional) control over the existence and activity of the
blood parasites (mycoplasma and other pleomorphic structures) face
all tests of candida species in the blood. Bradford test
be a pioneering director with your institute (fig. 1436-1437 Page 476, 'Bugs')
Candidas



With the BVPM, one sees better in the structures of life.



Gaston Naesen - With his own team, he tracks the secrets of blood.

The discoverer of the somatid.

In his young years as the son of a well-off family from Lille
(France) was fascinated by the 'inventions'. During the war, he finished the
studies of the specialties of physics, chemistry, and biology with success (1945).
He later dedicated himself to issues of immunology and oncology.
In the context of its efforts for better diagnosis in the possibilities
from blood score discovers endobionts that are called 'Somatides'
I point out. After long years of studies, just as they had done before.
that other researchers propose: that endobionts go through cycles of
development. (P.105).



The somatoscope opened fantastic possibilities.
Since his youth, Naessens was dissatisfied with the techniques.
traditional microscopic. Following among others the cancer agent saw
the possibility of building a huge microscope to enhance the capacity
of resolution that reached 150 angstroms = (1 angstrom 10 million of
this way I could discover in people's blood,
animals, but also in the fluids of tiny and polymorphic plants
particles and their propagation. Similar particles may appear in
a living organism in 3 forms. As somatids, as spores, and as
double spores (microcids).



Somatides are 'energy condensers'.

Naessen and his collaborators are convinced that somatids are
forms of 'concrete energy' that have a genetic nature
transmitted to living organisms. These energy condensers
They show a positive nucleus and their membrane is negatively charged.
The somatids propel themselves automatically against each other.




Waves, bubbles, hoses. Signs of microbial life in the blood.

Somatids withstand high temperatures and radiation without damage.
5000 ram just like corrosive acid actions. In each organ one
specific somatides are found. They can be in the blood as well
in the lymph fluids. They are everywhere, cultivable and reach
a length of 0.1 nanometer.



Microcycles are influenced by hormones.

Naessen asserts that the microcycle in the blood described by him is
regulated by inhibitory hormonal substances of Chalone are worth as
inhibitory substances of Chalone mitosis and can have a texture of
specific actions (although not of a specific type). When an organ
Chalone reaches its appropriate size and stops cell division.
ultraviolet. Meanwhile, the Chalone stops purely isolated appears as
white corpuscles. This refers to peptides with their amino acids
(Kanlson 1984).



Cycles of somatids.

The cycle of somatids described by Naessens comes from somatids in
spore shapes, bacterial sticks, yeast forms braids of
mushrooms, up to a total of 16 stadium courses. As others have written
authors, these evolutionary steps depend on the mileun. Interesting is the
observation that these structures can become "shapes"
"resistant". They form as cylinders, balls, nails and cannot be
Differentiate with the traditional microscope the small lymphocytes. The
types of yeasts have a size of 4-5 nanometers. In total
allows viewing - according to Naessen the multitude of microbial structures
polymorphs at a level that research better understands the cyclogenesis of
the somatides.



Discovery of fine structures with the 'Somatoscope'.

Double spores in a 30000:1 enlargement format.

Ascospores – stage 13 of the cyclogeny according to Naessen.

Blood tests that the theory partially proves and that needs to be investigated
more.

The idea of a man – a rustic factory in the world. (G. Grunwand)
1942

Kurt Olbrich creates an interdisciplinary foundation in Hilters Klinger.

Looking is your trademark - and the same in a double sense. Kurt Olbrich
not only did he trust in his interdisciplinary research institute
basics in the rural town of Mosautaler, Hilters Klinger, but
also in his optical team. As a basic means of assistance, he used a
special microscope that also arose from his imagination.

The Ergonón 400, as Olbrich also calls the equipment, surpasses the increase.
of traditional light microscopes, according to the representatives of
inventor without fracturing what makes the most powerful microscopes
electronics. The Olbrich team shows in this way the possibility of
observe living objects - up to 35,000 cells of magnification with a high
resolution and discrete depth acuity.

It's true that the specialized technique had considered this combination.
as impossible. As he has continuously demonstrated in practice, it
reserves the right to keep the secret. Even the optical industry does not
he has authorized its construction, as he fears being defeated.

There are therefore five Ergonom 400s manufactured by Olbrich itself.
this when someone resorts to it has to take into account the requirements of the
Technique to receive his blessing. Olbrich is an efficient director.
investigate with the support of some of your trained collaborators and the
wife of his son, for scientific institutes and prestigious companies of
different branches of metal to the artificial industry, reaching up to the
pharmaceutical and medicine. Yael Institute of Hiltersklinge has been seen
immersed in AIDS and cancer research.
The advice that the consortia directed by their leaders are seeking in Hiltersklinge.
high-cost development teams have little to do with the
microscopes installed there. "Most of the departments of
researchers think only in their specific specialties. What they lack
it's the flexibility towards other disciplines" says Kurt Olbrich. He takes this
requirement of mobility for oneself.

Its spectrum of services begins with an analysis of the deficiencies that
they subsequently include an optimization, also covering the
development of new products. With this, they progress together in their Institute.
interdisciplinary research spheres, development, and testing of
news from other fields such as forward market calculations,
along with any potential changes to it. In this way, it maintains the
desert-like lapses of a year in the global patent.

You should not say that this cannot be done. You just have to say
"I still can't." This guideline not only aligns with the current work of
Olbrich but also with the profession of his career, a career that
currently only sees: started as a young distributor in the country of
student, learning modeling and tool construction,
reaching mastery at only 23 years old. With this qualification, he ascended to the
technique of artificial materials, which was just beginning at that time.




Independent from one day to the next.

His work in the rapid development of these materials provided him with
a training at the Hoechst firm. For 20 years I worked well for the
the Hoechst firm and the research departments move to another firm,
where he also meets Erbach and in 1972, one night he achieves the
independence.

So use the relationships that you had cultivated, using up to five.
collaborated. By improving everything, he no longer found any suitable competitor.
"One cannot take just anyone," said Olbrich, who has been working since 1983.
Hiltersklinge having extended the name of the locality Mosautaler not
not only in Europe but also in the rest of the world, although in the
proximities should not be known for your work.




Documentation of the performance capability of the Ergonom 400. (n.a.)

The structures are recognizable, as no one has seen before under a microscope.
luminous.



Also in the United States a high-performance microscope: the
Bradford BVPM system.
With the BVPM, the microscopic structures of life are better observed.



Gaston Naessens - with his team following the mysterious traces of blood.



Keys, ampoules, sticks... signs of microbial life in the blood.



Discovery of delicate structures with the 'Somatoscope'. (n.d)

Double spores with a growth rate of 30000:1. (s.i)

Ascospores - Stage l3 of Ciclogenesis according to Naessens. (n.d.)

Exámenes de la sangre, probados por la medicina y otros investigadores.
(s.i)



To optimally prepare the exam material.



A correct placement of the sample, drying and coloring. (s.i)

Large observed processes. (s.i)

Large processes "of the microorganic world. (n.d)

Erythrocyte and erythrocytes "growth" compared to the values of
microbiological measurement. (n.s)




Comparisons through precise calculations.

Example of the table 194

Question: How wide is the exhibition mushroom?

Procedure:

Measure the width in mm.

2. Measure it in the divisions of the scale (here in manometers).

Calculation:

Actual size = the width of the exposure (5mm) by the scale data
(50μm) between the measurement on the scale in mm (20 mm).
Actual size = 5mm x 50μm divided by 20mm = 12.5μm.

Respuesta:

The width naturally reaches 12.5 μm.

Example of frame 195.

Question.

How long are the little sticks between the red blood cells?

As in fig. 194. The diameter of a known object in this case the
Erythrocytes (in nature they measure 7μm) serve as a standard in this case.

Measure the length of the poles in mm.

2. Measure the diameter of the erythrocyte of the exposure.

Calculation.

Real length of the sticks = Length of the sticks in fig. (10mm)x
the scale data (it is known that the diameter of erythrocytes is 7
nanometer) divided by the division of the scale in mm (erythrocytes 21mm).

Response:

Real length = 10mm x 7μm divided by 21mm = 3.333... true length
from the poles = 3.3μm.

Example fig. 196.

How long is the thread of blood?

Procedure:

Measure the length of the exposure in mm.

Calculation.

Length in mm (30) between the measurement pattern (3000:1).

Response:

True length of the thread = 30mm divided by 3000 = 0.01μm = 10μm.



Example of a conversion: What is the actual size of certain
componentes. (s.i)

Calculation:

For the calculation, there are three parameters (tab 9, from three fields to the left.
The calculation is achieved as in the examples (Page 147) from the previous page.
Spora Scale

Rule at photo level in mm. Scale

Rule at the object level in nanometers. Size of the object at the photo level.
Actual size of the object in natural

enμm

Measurement of the take*

28 50 3 5 560:1



Wide

Del

Rule stick at photo level in mm Scale

Rule at object levelObject size at photo level.Actual size of
natural object

Enμm

Measure of the capture*

28 50 5 9 560:1



The measurement pattern includes as a whole: the achieved expansion
through the selection of the objective and the eyepiece plus the magnification effect
what is produced in a photograph.

Not all revealed yet.

Calculations:



Diameter of Conidia

Escala a nivel de foto en mm Escala a nivel de objeto en nanómetroTamaño
object size at frame level in mmReal size of the object in natural in
nanometer

In pattern the square *

22 20 5 5 1100:0
Width of Mycelia Scale at photo level in mm. Scale at object level in
nanómetroTamaño del objeto a nivel de cuadro en mm.Tamaño del objeto
in natural in nanometers. Pattern in the square*

25 50 2 4 500:1



The measurement pattern includes: The expansion achieved on the object
chosen and the ocular plus the magnification effect produced by a photograph.



TO BEGIN WITH, HAVE ALL MATERIALS OPTIMALLY PREPARED
FROM THE RESEARCH.



Blood sample placement technique.



General observations.



For the fine differential observation, both of the blood cells as
of plasma using the Haefeli I and Haefeli II method, is of particular
importance of an optimal sample spread. Only a thin film
ensures the possibility of achieving optimal results.



The necessary materials:

Ether, scalpel, cotton, glue, various containers.



Preparation:



The slides must be meticulously cleaned of grease with
Ether/Alcohol. The patient's fingertip must be clean using
for this a disinfectant medium.

With the slide clean, it should be firmly placed on a
support.

Extract a drop of blood from the patient's fingertip with the lancet.
ATTENTION: The drop should not be too large, as the extent of the
the sample would be very thick.
The sample. (Fig. l87)



1.- Take a drop of blood from the puncture with the slide.
fat-free. Place the slide with the blood on a solid base.

2.- The sample on the slide is placed at an angle of 40-45°, making it
run to the right until the drop stabilizes. The more
the smaller the angle, the finer the extension.

The droplet will spread according to the angle of inclination of the glass.
ATTENTION: The sample must be prevented from touching the edges of the glass, as it
the cells could be damaged.

4.- The drop deposited will be spread from right to left to extend it.
The preparation will be ready when the sample reaches the other end, but without
reach the edge of the slide.



Air drying.

Blood samples for traditional diagnoses (May-
Grundwald-Coloreado), as well as the Brehmer coloring must be dried
for 24 hours at room temperature. Then the work will come
posterior (see specialized laboratory literature in the appendix. (Pg.
53-539

The Haefeli I method requires 48 hours of drying. The preparation for the
Haefeli II method will be ready with its color after 10 minutes, while
Exactly 7 drops of the prepared solution are applied.



Important indication: The extended sample should not be touched with fingers.



II SENDING OF THE SAMPLE.



In the case that the sample cannot be analyzed in the laboratory itself, it
They must make the contacts to request it from another appropriate laboratory. More
of an Institute has special departments to serve the
shipments.



Extended, dried and colored correctly.
Pleomorphic blood diagnosis.



Haefeli–I



(Erimethod since 1969)

For details see (Page 380)

Diagnosis through contrast-interference-differential process.



Haefeli II



(Coloring method)

Ideal complement for dark field exploration, includes the
morphological phenomena that escape the dark field. Let it be exposed
also culminating from fungi.



Colored according to v. Brehmer.

It particularly captures the intracellular attacks of the
endobiotic



Preparation of color according to Papanicolaou. Etc.

(blood differentiation chart)

From the pleomorphic point of view, it is not very informative.




Neither long nor equal mysteries.

The 'sanguinogram' of Olbrich: Example of a measurement test
standard method. (s.i)

Cancer agents: that can be seen and measured: original representations
of Olbrich. (n.d.)

Erythrocytes are attacked for 'food'. (s.i)
Cancer parasites grow in fungal mycelia.

Formal elements of orthodox microbiology: sticks, balls, hoses,
ramifications and many more. (n.d.)

Formal elements of pleomorphism: fine networks, threads, harps, and shapes of
primitive cells. (s.i)

Chondrite networks form mainly: both intra and also
extracellularly.

Networks that adorn cells and other structures: dendroid chondrites
they can cover the visual field. (s.i)

On the road of coconuts, sticks, and ascites.

Not every clod constitutes a seed: The troposomes

they consider in many cases similar constructions. (s.i)

Primitive grains also form gigantic structures.
upward cyclogenic development makes it possible. (i.e.)

A first panoramic view of erythrocyte exams. (s.i)

The "micasicita" of Enderlein: threads of fungi, threads of hoses-
culminating of the probaenogeny. (s.i)

Haefeli's studies in his sketchbook (1965-1971). (n.d.)

Sketches and notes by Haefeli during his communication with Enderlein
(1965-1967): “There was a lot to learn.” (n.d.)



IV. Diagnosis B.

Pathomorphology: Summary.

Summary and evidence of a fundamental catalog in the presented literature,
description of morphological examinations.



After research techniques for different pathologies in the
erythrocytes (s.i)

Erythrocytes exhibit a huge number of pathological shapes and structures.
(s.i)



The pathological attacks on erythrocytes lead to various changes in the
shape and structure of erythrocytes.
Examinations must have a total meaning regarding the diagnosis.

Vacuoles are often the first signs of damage.

Especially impressive: tubular rods are shown live on
online video

Chains. Networks, bushes, and other growths in the red blood cells. (n.d.)

In the end, there is total destruction of the erythrocytes.

Laboratory studies on the destruction of erythrocytes by the effect of
the endobiones.

Neither are the 'whites' forgiven. The endobiomes attack all (!) the
cells of the body. (Enderlein). (n.d)

Panorama of a process of disintegration of leukocytes due to the
endobiotic aggression to cellular integrity.

All leukemic cases show impressive results.

The pathology of the platelets: pleomorphism is also shown here.
(s.i)

Plasma tests - a wide field of possibilities
pathomorphological.(s.i)

Amorphous and/or deformed elements: reflections on the diagnosis
Differentials are questioned. (s.i)

All the developmental stages of the endobionts of Enderlein are
they are also found in plasma. (s.i)

Pseudo monstrous espermatids, simple techitas, cellular forms
primitives - a whole mix of alliances is possible. (s.i)

Cyclicodes of ascending development - from primary cells to rods. (n.d.)

Ciclo-stages of the rods – a topic for the experienced eye.

The binding forces can be studied under different processes.
investigative

Panorama of the ascending cyclogenic development of the agent of the
tuberculosis.

Pleomorphic research of Tbc- from gonidia to mycelia. (s.i)

Colloidal albumin: after the designation and formation of the milieu, they build
multiple structures.(s.i)

Abundance of forms: singular basic models can be
exploited in the differential diagnosis. (s.i)
Morphological comparison studies help to categorize shapes.
principals. (s.i)

The simplasts are the largest formations of colloidal organization. (s.i)

Written by Dr. Jorge Barros in: Dark Field Microscopy and Medicine
Biological., Dark Field Microscopy. Dumrese Manual |

May

11

2011

-

Dark Field Microscopy and Biological Medicine.



Dark Field Microscopy Madrid.



Dark Field Microscopy and Biological Medicine. Blood analysis in
alive.



by Allan Norman




If a small drop of blood is taken from a finger and placed in a
Under the dark field microscope, the patterns can be seen on the slide.
in the living blood. In standard microscopy, the light shines directly at
through the sample contrasting with the light field of the background. Without
embargo, cannot observe in vivo material in this way. Because
the sample must be thin to be observed, it is also practically
transparent. Therefore, we have to stain it to see it, and to make
this usually requires killing the sample. This staining process
they have become very sophisticated. There are hundreds of histological stains and
hundreds of questions you can ask about your sample with the
stains.




Red blood cells as seen in dark field
The best lighting can be seen by practicing while guiding the condenser.


Evaluation of the preparation according to Prof. Enderlein/ v. Brehmer.
our immune system. They can also change their shape - this
simple shape change is also called pleomorphism - and all this
it means that they can invade and hide in the cells themselves
body.



In the direct blood analysis according to what was taught by Dr. Hockstra there is
that special attention should be paid to microbes, to their shape and activity
white blood cells (leukocytes) and red blood cells. Through observation
Much can be said about the state of metabolism from red blood cells.
in general and the liver in particular. Meanwhile, the observation of the
white blood cells give us a reading on the state of the immune system, and the
the pattern of the microbes tells us if the disease overcomes the defenses
of the organism. Please note that while we call this
in vivo blood smears
blood that we are observing. In a sense, we are seeing the
speed with putrefaction occurs after we take the drop of
blood outside the body and this indicates the amount of resistance and the
vitality that exists in the body - it is a measure of the body's health.




Toxoplasma gondii: an intracellular protozoan parasite

In both systems of the observers Naessens and Hockstra the systems
Blood is observed for 30 minutes. However, there is a great
number of professionals who observe the blood smear in vivo during
about five minutes with a "phase contrast" microscope and then they do
a "Nutritional assessment". Although red blood cells can be observed and
with a phase contrast condenser as in dark field, globules
whites, the microbes, the platelets, and other elements of the blood that do not
are so well visualized.



For example, almost everyone places excessive emphasis on the fact that
the cells of the blood cells group together like stacks of coins (or the
formation of coin piles) and they treat this as pathological. In fact,
red blood cells group together in stacks like piles of coins where the
space allows them. They do it, in fact, to reduce the viscosity of the
blood and the protection that red blood cells receive while traveling in these
processions like that of the train. This is a normal function of the blood and,
Furthermore, its extent cannot be easily quantified with the work.
directly with blood. (This is because it cannot be calculated accurately.
the thickness of the sample at any time.) The scope of this
grouping, this formation however can be easily measured in
the standard blood tests, the sedimentation rate (SED), or the
erythrocyte sedimentation rate. (If the formation of rouleaux is
excessive blood sediments dissolve more quickly.) Rate of
SED is a general indicator of inflammation. They generally expect that
the SED rate is elevated in inflammatory diseases such as arthritis.
But the SED rate is a very general and imprecise measure, and medicine
he/she pays little attention these days.




Some blood microscopists claim that they can be used to
to diagnose the presence of parasites. It is important to keep in mind that
"Parasites" are large and generally live in the intestine. In the analysis
we live by blood we take a small drop of blood, maybe one
billionth part. His blood would have to be invaded by these 'giants'.
before they can be seen. I have seen hundreds of blood smears and maybe I
I saw a parasite once. We, however, see a bunch of
degradation products of blood cells. In particular, the
cell walls of red blood cells often unravel like a
knitted sweater. Its scientific name is myelin sheaths, but some
doctors are calling them 'parasites'. The fact that it is
moving does not mean it is alive! In microscopic dimensions it is
normal for inanimate objects to move. This is caused by the
thermal and by Brownian motion.



What do I see in direct blood analysis? In my practice, I have integrated
various schools of dark field microscopy. I have been trained by
the son of Dr. Naessens in the somatidian analysis and by Dr. Hockstra
which is more conservative, but remains controversial, the approach. It is my
Opinion with the use of these systems judiciously we can see, in the first...
place, the health of the "earth" or "land" – how healthy is the
Organism? Are the red blood cells well formed? We can see the pressure.
about the immune system - as highlighted, it is the white blood cells of the
blood? Please note, at the same time we see the pressure in the system,
we don't see exactly when or how it will break. We can see how
about to be overwhelmed the system can be - it is the decay, the
bacteria and fungi, taking over? Finally, and most importantly,
we can see over time how a patient is responding to
treatment.



There are also, of course, more specific things that we can say to
sometimes. There are signs of damage from free radicals and oxidation. And with the
yeasts, candida, we can see some indications of how these are
prevalent throughout the body. In addition, we always have a lot of
Information about the degree and types of anemia that may be present.
But above all, I find the in vivo dark field analysis of blood.
in a way of monitoring health in general. It is particularly useful,
As mentioned earlier, in the follow-up of the response of the
patient over time to their treatments indicates the greatest
briefness the need to change a medication or therapy. In certain
conditions, especially cancer or another terminal illness,
where time is a crucial factor, dark field microscope,
possibly, it may be helpful in choice and tracking the effect
of therapy.



B Jost Dumrese/Bruno Haefeli



PLEOMORPHISM.



Blood symbionts.

Blood parasites.

Blood fungi.



Under special consideration of Enderlein's Cyclic Genealogy and the methods of
diagnosis according to Haefeli.




With 1514 illustrations.



HAUG

Karl F. Haug - Heidelberg.



CONTENT.

Recognition
……………………………………………………………………………………………………
4

Prologue
……………………………………………………………………………………………………
............ 5
I. – HEMATOPHYSIOLOGY
............................................................. 8


The blood:
……………………………………………………………………………………………..

Initial ideas...

Significance ...

Defense immune cells ...

Plasma
………………………………………………………………………………………..

Cellular Communication

Homeostasis

Symbiosis
…………………………………………………………………………………….

II. – HEMATOPATHOLOGY

Parasitism:
…………………………………………………………………………………………..

Historical retrospective



Definition



Blood parasites



Cycle Phenomena



Ciclogeny: Enderlein



Cycle



Ciclogenesis: Morphology
Will it be hemostasis?
…………………………………………………………………………….



III. - DIAGNOSIS A
……………………………………………………………………………………. 79



Introduction:
………………………………………………………………………………………..



Dualism



Complement to the blood diagnosis ...



Microscopy



Abundance of forms



IV. -DIAGNOSIS B ...



Pathomorphology: Summary
…………………………………………………………………….



Erythrocytes



Leukocytes



Platelets ...



Plasma tests ...
V. –DIAGNOSTIC C
…………………………………………………………………………..



Primitive Forms
…………………………………………………………………………………



Protists



Threads ...



Rubble



Protozoa



Allow me...



Condrites ...



Special Pathomorphology: ...



Chains



Colloidal Tesitas ...



Dioecotecitas



Tecitas - Type III



Primitive cells ...
Varillas



Hoses



Husos ...



Crystals / Pseudocrystals



Simplastos



Cistaces ...



Medical examinations of erythrocytes



The erimétodo ...



Leukocytes ...



Platelets



VI.- MYCOLOGY OF THE BLOOD …………………………………………………..



Blood fungi
…………………………………………………………………………….



Development



Origin
Upward development



Morphology



VII. – APPENDIX, INCLUDING HISTORY ...



VIII. – LITERARY REVIEW



IX. - GLOSSARY
…………………………………………………………………………………..



X. -REGISTER OF SUBJECTS



REFLECTIONS.



I dedicate this book to my wife Gwendolin and to my daughters Cerrin and Freca.
my wife for her collaboration sacrificing many valuable hours in the
who showed complete tolerance, and to my daughters for their interests in all the
issues of life.

Jost Haefeli, Ebdikon, May 1996.



My gratitude to my companions in life and to my children, who
they supported me throughout all the years of my work life and helped me in everything.
This book is dedicated to them. This work is dedicated to all those
they are of good will.

Bruno Haefeli, Ebdikon, May 1996.



It honors me that few understand me.

Laozi
In science, it is not 30 or 60 years that pass until new
knowledge is established. These are not for the old masters, but
for the students that survive them.

Max Planck.



The truth can wait as it has a long time ahead of it.

Arthur Schopenhauer.



The oxen tremble when a new truth is announced.

Immanuel Kant.



The greatest thing a human being does in this world is to see something and
explain in a simple way what you see. Hundreds of people can talk.
regarding what one can think; but thousands can think about one who
you can see.

John Ruskin.



PROLOGUE.

Pleomorphism means multiple forms or richness of forms. This theory
refers to the multiple microbiological observations and partly to the
documented practice of pleomorphic cyclogenic phenomena of
upward evolution in microorganisms. Such upward development us
shows the different morphological phenomena that occur within the
same. In colloidal albumin, formations similar to those are produced.
spores, primary cells and finally bacteria and at the point of
a higher development of the fungal structure. As a principle of the true
microbiological science, the possibility of a development of all the
bacteria and fungi first (Bechamp 1865). Particularly
significant are Enderlein's observations in 1916 regarding
the possibilities of variations towards higher forms in the field of
the structure of the primary colloidal material.

Today, therapists know the great opportunities that
they can have medications, when they are considered within the
Pleomorphic concept.

This book is based on hundreds of years of pleomorphic research,
many years of studies by Bruno Haefelis and the current suggestions
in different scientific circles, medical congresses, and practice
continue.

Even though Pasteur with his monomorfist idea, ultimately dictatorial,
strengthened his authority and celebrity against plemorphism, thought
pleomorphic, pleomorphic research and the results of the use of the
isopathic therapy has not been able to be for more than a hundred years
displaced, moreover; the times show that Pleomorphism is strengthening
about the dogmatic constructions of monomorphism. The significant and
growing research taking place in the field of Pleomorfism,
they are checked faster from a biological and medical point of view. The
Historical investigations raise controversies like never before.
Special controversies touch on the specific realm of blood in the
dark field, just like in the

the color preparations of blood samples. Also in the care of
valuable and consistent therapists, who in increasing numbers are oriented and
they merge more directly, initial phase increasing in this phase the
diagnosis and isopathic therapy.

Now more than ever it is time to aspire to a uniformity of the
valuable and different experiences of researchers and therapists, to
achieve the possibility of increasing the accuracy of the fluency of all
new things that interest, just like those of the predecessors, of the
supporters of Enderlein in the dark field, of the supporters of v.
Brehmer etc.

The authors aim to achieve the following objectives:

1. That pleomorphic knowledge and pleomorphic thinking
sean, for the fundamental significance they have for everyday medicine,
taken out of the shadows. They cannot remain only in medical schools
Well, they can have an influence from which the large industry would benefit.
Likewise, for the patients and those who are guided to accept a
medicine responsible for pleomorphic knowledge.

2. According to the author's criteria, extensive examinations of the
results of the investigative work, so that scientists can reveal
a multitude of natural mysteries. This book must be a pioneer of
preomorphism, for all those who, like Enderlein, have dedicated themselves to the subject.
They should also invite the scientific community from universities,
large laboratories and research centers, to dedicate themselves more
to the themes of Pleomorphism. The high modern technique for the
research can help clarify important issues in the field
of pleomorphism.

3. It is necessary to find a common language. Eliminating the confusing
nomenclature
specialized, with honesty, ensuring that there is no doubt
change of opinions, stopping from the beginning and in the style of
Enderlein in an exact assessment when considering the discoveries. Without
a uniform unification of the frequent phenomena of the blood, of the
dyes and other preparations in microscopy, in dark field, in the
phase contrast etc., the bases for a common understanding would be lacking, and
with this to take successful subsequent steps. This book must therefore be,
selective, and no more than a proposal in the field of diagnosis,
pretending to achieve a timely and chronological combination for new
observations that are added. Reach to know the order of the growing ones
problems of endomycosis and thus the possibility of discovering potential
mycoses in the bloodstream.

4. This book deals exclusively with the historical development and the
numerosos fenómenos morfológicos del Pleomorﬁsmo, y de ahí- como se
significó - being able to achieve better uniformity. A valuable touch-up, for
unify the experiences in the field of therapeutic possibilities to
controlar lo esencial en el marco de los criterios cientíﬁcos, que sean
corresponding to the intense effort to synthesize the scope of the
information about pleomorphic therapy.

5. This book does not provide, in broad terms, any claim of totality.
It should be taken as sufficiently understandable, legible, and above all
as a stimulating reading, which tries to intensify the discussion in the
issues of Pleomorphism with the help of these pages.

This book also aims to sponsor an independent regional forum where
criteria are regularly exchanged and knowledge is grouped with
a leveling effect on broader bases, in order to achieve that
Diagnostic work and pleomorphic therapy serve patients better.
The author asks those who are oriented and work with Pleomorphism to
standardize the documentation also in the diagnosis, to share
failures and successes. In the community of works on Pleomorphism (APGM)
at Esslingen's Kreuzstrasse 79; it is possible to update through a
publication on the pleomorphic results of the diagnosis of the
blood. The diagnosis results must be in a database
to be used and thus obtain better information.

7. Finally, this book is an indication that if thought
pleomorphic cannot lead to a successful outcome without a disposition
reflective contemplative. Thus belong, for example, the relationships of the
different observations of the diagnostic procedures, for the
control of the homeostasis of the body, of the internal milieu, factors of the environment
environment or of a psycho-immunological exam, according to the concept
total of pleomorphic thought. Thus, the effect, the healing must be
in line with the principles of Hippocrates, Paracelsus,
Hahnemann or Enderlein.
In Enderlein's words, the authors of this book also want their
efforts to convey: 'All of this constitutes an expansion and review
of reliable special investigations. The indications about the direction
In this regard, they are gladly accepted by the authors.

However, we will not consider critics that do not enrich in detail what
proposed...



I. HEMATOPHYSIOLOGY.

Ancient and New in the realm of blood knowledge.



“La sangre- todavía un misterio en la época del “ilustrado hombre
spatial?



Juicy flow since ancient times.

Since ancient times, the juicy torrent of blood has flowed through the doubles.
intravenous channels. The blood capillaries form fine networks
cutaneous and subcutaneous that may come into contact with the environment. From
an injury occurs, resulting in bleeding that follows a
psychic reaction. Each person knows the meaning of danger that
it represents a hemorrhage for life. The fear of bleeding out,
belongs to one of man's primitive fears. "Many cannot
see the blood.



The blood is a very special juice.

About the hemorrhages, rites of blood sacrifices or pacts of
blood demanded by Mephistopheles from Dr. Faustus, 'with the special juice', or the pacts
of temporary blood or blood poisoning "septicemia", on the
blood drink, such things have never been free from their
corresponding feelings, mystical and religious camaraderie. In the
history has blood in the sense of monism a central meaning
divine spiritual unity of the spirit of God (Wessenborin 1992). The idea
that blood unites everything, appears as a taboo in a large part of the
world. Even intellectuals are not free from seeing blood as a
magic fluid, many problematic situations between individuals arise
they are related to blood (revenge for blood, incest…). In the masses there are
one the blood of man with God. The cleansing of the stains is a ritual
in certain religious communities.
Blood diagnosis - a broad field.

The red bodily juice has intrigued man since immemorial times.
pulse acceleration due to exertion, as well as the excitement that causes it to boil
The blood is related to the psyche. The ancient medical science tells us
he submitted reports on the need to examine the blood and that this
was clean." With the invention of the microscope, they expanded,
immediate the previously mystical knowledge, and in that sense the
vital liquid became an object of study. Starting from this point, the
Hematology and probing expanded the scope of research and healing.
A comprehensive blood diagnostic is based today on the fields of
["biochemistry","molecular biology","cytology","genetics","biophysics","physiology"]
anatomopathological, microbiology, etc.



The external diagnosis: a starting point for others new?

Today's medicine offers, alongside traditional methods and...
diagnostic procedures of orthodox medical school (analysis of the
blood, BSG, white blood cell diagnosis, enzymes, histology of the
marrow, eri-resistance, etc.) a complete variety of tests in which
Important information can be extracted.

A current summary can be found in "Documentation of the lines"
special therapeutic and natural healing methods in Europe (VGM
Editorial 1992). Here from the auroscopy, the analysis of the crystals of the
blood, of a capillary dynamism in the research of blood according to
Kallin, from the Holistic Blood Drop Examination (HBT-Test) of the use of
polyglycosides from an electromagnetic blood test according to Aschoff
(1953/54) of a diagnosis by all bioelectronic means or the use
from the morphogenetic crystallizations as 'direction of the diagnosis' plus
or less circumstantially related.

About decades of years Haefeli in Switzerland (BHS-Laboratories Ebikon) in a
endless series of studies, attempted to develop easy practices and
practical and low-cost methods for blood diagnosis. With this
Book all the results of the Haefeli I method (erimethod) and Haefeli II
(coloring method) is presented extensively for the first time.



Not all mysteries revealed yet.

There is nothing like corpuscles and plasma.




Blood - importance in the classical orthodox 'Medical School'.
Liquid Tissue

Blood can be classified according to its morphological nature.
functional as a liquid organ (Begemann 1970). With its continuous
circulation, it contacts all organs in 3 minutes and
regions of the body.



Possibilities of agents transitioning.

From an infectious perspective, there are indeed possibilities of a
invasion of germs in the blood circulation pathways and from this to the
tissues. This transit route in both directions is considered by the subject
of blood - as will be informed later - of accused importance. From
from the perspective of orthodox medicine, an invasion is possible
Germs "Bacterial" in the circulatory system (exogenous cause).



Symbiosis of the blood.- Few microorganisms observed.

It is true that when Enderlein became aware of the existence in 1925
symbiosis in the blood, and the importance of such symbiosis being assumed by
the present specialized theory related in this way the possibility of
that primary germs of endogenous fungal diseases emerged,
provoked by changes in the environment, all of which did not receive if any,
just scarce attention.



Fungal - Unimportant results?

Regarding the model of exogenous causes, you know the current theory.
situations of fungal dissemination and fungal sepsis, also of
fungal episodes that are primarily described in the literature
specialized in Microbiology, Immunology, and Infectology, with forewords by
Physiologists and comments related to the topic. There is no questioning.
posterior about what meaning can it have biologically and pathologically a
bacterial flooding.



Multifunctional transport.

During its circulation through the body, the blood performs countless
tasks as a means of transport.

1. Respiratory function: Conduction of oxygen to the tissues and extraction
of

carbon dioxide from the tissues.
2. Nutrient/toxin transporter. In the intestine, they are reabsorbed.
disintegrated nutrients and toxins that are carried to the liver where they
they are chemically burned and where they end up in the nutritional deposits.
If necessary, these nutrients are transported to the cells and organs.
Various substances are prepared and stored so that they continue to the
blocks of fabrics.

3. Excretory function: Transportation to the organs responsible for the
cleaning (transformation of matter, slag, toxins).

4. Regulation of the internal milieu: Acid-base management, pH of
the blood, homeostasis of the extracellular matrix.

5. Temperature regulation, heat management.

6. Communication. Directed processes: Transport of cytokine hormones.
etc.

7. Immune Defense.

8. Coagulation. In particular, functions 4 and 6 relate to the theme.
of the mycology of the blood with a special detailed consideration (Page
38-519-acid-base.) (Page 18-31 Immune defense)



Mesenchyme – An important mother tissue.

Embryonic mesenchyme appears as the mother tissue in important
changes in the individual's organism and blood. Elements
fundamental (parenchymal cells) separated from the extracellular matrix.
The flowing cells and the bromomolecular medium are like the base system of
regulation (Pschingu 1954, Heire 1986) of exceptional importance and of
here, for the field of mycosis.



Nothing like corpuscles and plasma.



Blood - importance from the perspective of Pleomorphism.



Definition of Pleomorphism.

Pleion = more; morfe = form: Pleomorphism = more forms.

The current usual expression for multiple forms in bacteriology is
pleomorphism. This concerns the scientific opinion and the form of variation
within a species. In the Thieles Lexicon of Medicine manual (Edition
Urbana Schwarsenberg Munich, 1971) points out that pleomorphism is
characteristic in the genre of a bacterial population frequently in
dependency on the cultivation conditions.



Pleomorphism has liquidated the old and dogmatic theoretical conceptions
bacteriological.

After the chemist and biologist Bechamp (1816-1908) made known his
descubrimiento de que la célula se poblaba de granos que no sucumbían
after the death of this (necrocinas), the way of thinking in the
the pleomorphic conception entered the world of science in which,
the consequence provoked a bitter controversy.



Monomorphism against pleomorphism.

Bechamp (1816-1908) y los colaboradores de su tiempo, como también
Afterwards, his supporters to whom Enderlein belonged, were of the opinion
that every microbial life arises from an original grain that within
Certain pathogenic changes of the environment are continuously developing.
In the context of this evolution, they can reach an infinite variety of
pleomorphic forms. An opponent with all the strength of his authority
Pasteur was a firm defender of monomorphism. 'All the
Microbes of the same class and genus are invariant; each will induce.
always a specific disease. Fungi and bacteria never
They spawn. The blood is absolutely sterile.



Claudio Bernard also pointed out the limit.

Did Pasteur manage to convince researchers that at that time, greatly
Opinions were formed about his theory. Also the indication
fundamental of Bernard. "No, gentlemen, the microbe is nothing; the medium
it is everything." It contributed to displacing dogmatism, with the pointing out of
Pasteur on his deathbed: "Bernard was right. The microbe is nothing, the ..."
the basis of the medium is everything,” which could be taken as an oral acknowledgment.
in the solitude of the silence of death and with it remained unalterable for
the scientific world.



Enderlein against monomorphism.

The widow of Enderlein dedicated herself after her first discovery about
bacterial cylogeny to pleomorphic research. Until his death at
At 96 years old, he sought to convince others of the validity of his research findings.
to the orthodox medical school, especially with the intention of giving a
direction in medical science to this day that would make the
Enderlein's discoveries will be cemented. Enderlein remained.
secluded with a small group of supporters. One of his supporters and
admirers was Bruno Haefeli, who had the opportunity to meet
Enderlein between the years 1965/67, and with him exchange fruitful opinions
scientific.



Blood as a mirror of health.

Blood is an ideal window for research in the field of medicine.
the physiological and pathological processes, as well as to observe them and
to objectify them. Above all, Enderlein worked with the field microscope.
dark and was able to observe an infinity of pleomorphic exhibits. The
the blood of each person contains, under healthy conditions, an amount of
elements for the circulatory development of the endobionts.



Space for symbiotic coexistence, diagnostic field for viruses,
bacteria and fungi.



Importance of blood cells - a summary.



The bearer of the main load.

The immune cells in a restricted sense are the white cells of the system
hematopoietic of the blood, they carry the main load of the
immune defense. During the course of evolution, these cells have
specialized in a specific strategy): mobilizing antibodies,
killing mechanism, cytotoxicity = killing cells.



Guarantee of immune cells.

The origin: bone marrow - as long as they are not the so-called cells.
extremes and the lymphatic organs. In these enter the lymphocytes that are
they divide on the periphery and thereby multiply their population.

Course: T lymphocytes in the thymus, B lymphocytes are equated) (in humans.
it is not definitely located until now) reaching a definitive
maturation.

Circulation and distribution: A large part of the hematological cells
abandon under regular physiological conditions the circulatory pathways by
what is found in peripheral tissues is only 5%. Some cells
of defense as neutrophil granulocytes are permanently 'axes' and
they patrol tirelessly looking for prey, throughout the body. Others - the
B lymphocytes and stable histiocytes solidly cover the hosts.



They also produce antibodies in response to distant signals.

If T lymphocytes have to confront antigens in the mucosas
intestinal

they cover great distances to sound the alarm. In this way, they can
to condition

a specific antigen, for example in the intestinal mucosa and finally with
the

remote communication circulates T lymphocytes to form antibodies
against

these specific antigens in the intestinal mucosa (bronchial tree).



Macrophages - cells with many qualities.

Macrophages swim like monocytes through the blood, moving to
through the connections of the tissues and staying there firmly (as
osteoblasts or messenger cells). They partially possess the ability to change.
(mobile histiocytes) maturing under the influence of a chemical medium.



There is no initiation without mast cells.

The mast cells presumably in the circulatory pathways pass to the
fabrics

settling in the hotspots of immune defense: in the deposit

intracellular. With a wide range of specialists and material of
mobilization

the processes begin.



Natural matadors.

They apparently form the group of lymphocytes (they make up the majority
of the

large granulocytes lymphocytes) with no evidence until
now of your
life cycle. They are, however, willing to function and with this,

they manifest themselves as the last anarchic cells, which depend little on the
substances

incommunicative. They convince above all by their effectiveness of power
to kill

directly the cancer cells.



In the bone marrow, blood, and tissues. (s.i)



The cells at the forefront of immune defense.



The first barrier.

Granulocytes are, along with the epithelium of the skin and mucous membranes, the first
barriers of immune defense. As workers (Microphagocytosis) they
they count for life.



The family of granulites.

In correspondence to the sample they present when colored and their granules.
whites

three genders are considered (from Latin - granula = grains):

Neutrophils with polymorphic nuclei

Eosinophilic granulocytes with polymorphic nuclei

Basophilic granulocytes with polymorphic nuclei.



Neutrophils:

They exist in the blood as the main contingent of the corpuscles.
whites. Millions of them must be produced daily in the bone marrow.
Madura by multiplying the nuclei in the cell incorporating large
amounts of lysosomes (organelles) with the capacity of an arsenal of
toxic substances of aggression.

Neutrophils recognize microbes through immunoglobulins with
the
recognition molecules and devour them. They then serve as prey to
macrophages.

Its duration is, therefore, коротка.




Some interior substances of the lysosomes and peroxisome of the
Granulocytes.

Hydrolase Acid.

Glucosidase.

Lipasín.

Proteasin.

Phospholipase.

Estuasin.

Nucleasin.

Neuromidase.

Carboxypeptidase Acid.

Elastase.

Kalypso.

Neutral protease.

Catalysis.

Uricase.

Table1.



The Eosinophils:

They present a special troop that dethrones the parasites (worms) with
weapons

highly lethal toxic chemicals. They have an affinity for substances of
the basophils

to trigger the processes. Often, eosinophil levels are seen in
fabrics

where an allergic reaction occurs.
The Basophils:

They are rarely found in blood samples (0.59).
Presumably I know

it deals with mobile cells of the marrow that are placed in the tissues of the
body

colonizing and invading the foreign matter produced by microbes.
You are

cells must be marked as mast cells of the tissues. They play a
important

role in reacting to allergy conditions, than with a
blue coloration

metallic, store acid granules that are vasoactive amines, which with
he/she/it

noisy exhalation and also the immunoglobulin transmit signals to the
liquids

selected nearby and there they cause a permeable edema or
extremely

permeable. Mast cells are particularly located beneath the skin and
under

all the mucous membranes, like colonies.




The family of granulocytes.



Clarifying and recycling through the devouring cells.



The process of eating, doubly useful.

Phylogenetic observations allow for a better understanding of phenomena.
of the

life. After the emergence of the first cell, the foundation was formed
food in the

sense of guaranteeing the basic needs of life. In the framework
right away
upward evolution that primarily addresses the food plan, uses the
process of

to eat in the sense of a primitive defense process: the elimination of
enemy

through phagocytosis.



Phagocytosis, basic mechanism of immune defense.

It seems that the primitive mechanism of phagocytosis during the process of
evolution consisted of: serving the ascending developing species
providing them with an antigenic structure while preserving
important specific information about immune cells through the
antigen processes.



Phagocytosis in dark field.

The dark field microscope is an ideal means to reduce, in
excellent observation, the old mechanism of phagocytosis in its
surprising dynamics. The entire course is represented in illustration 16. It
It deals with the basic framework of the current theory of immunology.



Cleaning of tissue, blood, and lymphatic pathways.

The devouring cells are like the garbage trucks of a city. Their task
it fundamentally consists of ensuring the cleanliness of the tissues. This
function encompasses any disturbing material, in which the homeostasis of
the tissue of the concerned region can be influenced. For this, they have the
phagocytes a perception system, which is still not known today in
detail.



Interruption of phagocytosis with dire consequences.

Phagocytes - essentially the big eaters (macrophages/histiocytes and
The neutrophil granulocytes (macrophages) are of significant importance.
for life in defense against infections. Any interruption in this
first line of defense, has a serious consequence for health
Chediak-Higashi syndrome: a disease of large granules mainly in
the granulocytes. Peroxidase defect. Granulocyte enzyme defect and
monocytes. Such defects are generally exceptionally rare.
Phagocytosis - non-specific weapon against the instability of the living and the
inert.

As previously announced, phagocytes have a primary function in the
the sense of cleaning the tissues. For this, it must be every second, in position
to be able to distinguish between strangers and one's own, as self-aggression
it would be disastrous. In the field of strange corpuscular materials, the
Phagocytes have no choice - as specialists in immunology say -
they have a specific title: 'What bothers must leave'. The particle
the attacked agent is used for its own service or converted into
raw material made available to the host. (Bio-recycling)



Endobiotic phagocytosis. Does something like that exist?

The aforementioned possibilities achieved, of studying phagocytosis,
in the dark field, they relate the activity of granulocytes in the first
line, impressively documenting how these devouring cells
In Enderlein's opinion, they adapt well with the endobionts.



Eat or be eaten – an ancient biological law. (s.i)



Macrophages and granulocytes are eaters of endobions.



Attacking police.

In principle, the functions of the cells described on page 22 are of
cleaning and recycling. In the context of this important task, they monitor the
white devourers.

“Also the house of the endobionts.” According to Enderlein, each cell contains
endobiomes. These are found, however, in a symbiotic relationship, not
disturbing with the host cell. If it changes the conduction of the environment
endobionts multiplied extracellularly can occur in which
the remaining endobions can be phagocytized.



Death chargers or material contributors.

The leukocyte devourers are also possible ingesters in the case of
that the endobionts manifest demanding (see also the nature of
the colloids/protists. (Page 194). They come to permanently flood the
white blood cells, losing these leukocytes or life or (photo 19, 20 and
pages 175-177) they seek partners to whom the load is delivered. This process is
describe in the illustration to the right of this page. It can be observed
in detail and study with its impressive particularity in the field
dark. Enderlein gave a corresponding description.



Eating cells with problems digesting endobionts. (s.i)



On the trail of a consuming cell with a video camera.



Traditional general blood diagnosis.

The traditional hematological blood test is performed by taking
a sample and its subsequent preparation, or numbers are investigated by
volume unit or the percentage of isolated cells is considered. The
difference with normal values, indicate a particular behavior of the
disease.



A live pre-diagnosis.

Dead or colorless cells yield a limited number of conclusions.
about dynamic processes. The essential information is the 'living',
in which the intracellular relationships or between membranes are expanded
when optimal technological equipment is available. Likewise, it can the
expert eye, noticing through microscopic exposure.



Video under hermeticity?

This intention arose a long time ago from a team of researchers from
Universities, within the framework of a project of "basic research of
clinical couplings.” The scientists of a U.G. working group.
Randoll placed drops of fresh blood under a video for examination.
forma hermética, bajo condiciones creadas a la temperatura del cuerpo.
Here a new type of light microscope built by Rurt Olbrich was used:
the Ergónoma 400. This microscope was designed for a capacity of
fantastic resolution and a variable depth sharpness. The
multiple employment possibilities reached up to microscopic tomography
(about the Ergomon 400 see pages 130-133 and appendix pages 524-528).



The devouring white blood cells in the viewer.
In healthy living blood, granulocytes are very active.
as mobile cells, that use the controls of phagocytes in the
plasma cleaning space, they also have intense contacts with the
neighboring cells (photo 22

Page 27). These friendly contacts clearly reach the globules.
red



YaEnderlein had observed cellular communication between the globules.
whites and reds.

In the context of the dark field studies, Enderlein had already observed
the communication of the cells and had described them correspondingly.
Enderlein wrote... "One becomes fascinated by the variety of processes in the
blood (Pat with Felty's Syndrome) that had not been considered until now.

The ease with which the heavy simprotists attack the endobionts
leukocytes and lymphocytes helping erythrocytes come closer to the cells
sick white blood cells agglutinating and the protist parasites
transporting them, and often filling themselves with them.



Contact - the basic principle of cellular life.

Cellular contact is one of the basic rules of life. This appears in
the field of cytochemistry, hormones, and neurotransmitters, factors of
the tissues and mediator of reactions. It appears in processes
immunological and in the electrolytic processes. Against the background of the
Intracellular contacts (see p. 34-35) are not well known. The branch of
research on dermosomes, channels, and synapses is a branch of
relatively young science. In the case of blood cells, it implies
Randoll an exchange of information that appears as a load of the
membrane that is a normal process that studies the different profiles of the
cells in a drop of blood with reasonable multiple diagnoses.



White and red blood cells exchange signals.



The army of the great devouring cells.



Macrophages - mobile and settled.

Macrophages are the primary defense cells. Their shapes and
Behavior reminds us of amoebas. They are born from the bone marrow. In the pathways
blood cells look like monocytes (about 6%). These wandering mobile cells
break into the tissues of the organs and establish themselves in important
places of defensive processes. There they become settled.



Confused relationship.

In the course of the history of cytological research, there have been discoveries
cells that are not typical of the cells of that organ, nor possess resources
to relate. These cells take from different organs other
names, however belong by forms and functions to the heterogeneous
family of macrophages.



The wonderful boy of immune defense.

Macrophages can recognize with their tentacles (pseudopods)
microorganisms of a certain size (bacteria) or foreign materials
(immune complexes), strands, carbon particles tentacles (pseudopods)
devour them and - with few exceptions - digest them. They maintain the
organs and tissues free of occasional debris. This eliminates
granulocytes that come out of their microbial source.



First class chemical factory.

The amount of matter that macrophages can synthesize and store
it is surprisingly large, it is about sets of necessary enzymes
for the digestion of cellular and microbial material. In addition, macrophages
they dissect a large number of substances that activate lymphocytes, among them
destructive substances - tumor factors (tumors), Interferon (Virus)
Lysosomes (Bacteria) acid radicals and microorganisms.



Types of cells that are the same but with different names and

multifunctional skills.



Absolute specialists.



The triggers of the immune reaction.

All foreign substances of animated or inanimate nature that are
They are designed as T or B lymphocytes, immune defenders, which are antigens. They are
those who produce antibodies or have killer T cells.
The concert almost always begins with the macrophages.

Only a very few antigens can trigger the creation of antibodies.
B lymphocytes directly, without the help of macrophages and cells
auxiliary T. As a rule, the antigenic structures are recognized by the
macrophages for presenting functions and connections with HLA-H molecules and the
T lymphocytes.



Receptors for antigens.

T lymphocytes carry receptors for antigens with only one link.
specific for the antigen. B lymphocytes carry as receptors for
antibodies two connections.

The T and B receptors - in addition to the HLA molecules - a molecular family
similar to the family of glycoproteins.



Events at the regulatory level.

The antigen link in B lymphocytes does not lead to any reaction.
on the other hand, if B lymphocytes act with the antigen link, the consequence is
a process in the increase of cell proliferation, hence the emergence of
specialists.

• T helper cells: that assist B lymphocytes in their responses
immunological.

Suppressor T cells: They can inhibit or delay the activity of the
T cells.

Killer and cytotoxic cells: They have an effect at this level.



Memory not only in the ZNS.

Each immune response leads to its primary arrangement, among the
T lymphocytes and also B ones to form a memory cell that can
store precise antigen information. If there are no cells
with memory that reacts within seconds in case of
repeated contacts and with it the consequent inoculating action would be
impossible.



Events at the level of effects.
The specific cellular representatives in the plane of efficacy are:

1. The differentiated B lymphocytes into forms of plasma cells such as
producers of immunoglobulins (antibodies), these attack
specifically any antigen that has been the product of the
immunodependent endobiotics.

2. Killer Cells: They destroy foreign cells directly or with
help from antibodies and exclusively only the cell that they have caused
this immunoreaction.



They help, they stop, they memorize. (s.i)




Blood Plasma –sphere of action of the endobionts.



Plasma - Definition.

From Greek placis = construction.

Blood plasma is defined as the elemental corpuscles that to the
separate them (centrifuge them), they remain as part of the liquid residue
sanguine at 55%. That blood is designated as a liquid fluid.
almost the entire extracellular space corresponds to plasma (=matrix)
extracellular)



In the albumin, a part corresponds to the endobiomes.

The extracellular matrix of the blood contains white corpuscles, which in the
The corresponding literature is related in more or less detailed tables.
Buddenbrack (1967) and Prosser (1973) assign 75 mg/ml to the amount of
plasma in human blood. These 75mg include the endobionts.
this means that like Enderlein the primitive granules are not retained
in no case intracellularly but by relation, they can change from
compartments. Enderlein's studies have shown that they can play
a role in plasma cyclogenesis (pp. 76-79).



The extracellular space: a playground for the blood endobionts.

When performing the physical examination of the blood in front of the observer, it
presents a magical game of dancing particles, here it is about
large protist aggregates detectable by the microscope,
calls simprotistas, visibly recognizable circular formations
little calls, or the visual field shows formations of types
spermatic, sperm cells. All these formations belong to the
non-pathogenic symbiotic structures of Enderlein's cyclogeny.



Critical opinion. Dance of particles in a vermilion molecular motion.

Whoever deals with the vital phenomena of blood recognizes in the object
different forms of movement. In others, corresponding ones are excluded.
colors the “dancers” which in this case refers to chylomicrons. In
third place appears in the plasma test of a percentage with
overload of 'dancers' (endobionic forms) indicators of
pathological situations with cellular modifications. (see v. Berhmer-Dye
p. 536)



The colloids, whose biochemical data are still unknown.

Until today, we have not received almost any chemical or physicochemical data about the
Enderlein colloids. Due to the history of medicine (see
monomorphism against pleomorphism page 16) with a restricted position in
the research that Enderlein overlooked in the first place
morphological comparisons in their observations regarding relationships
would have meant a rapid development of science, so that one does not
One must marvel that other necessary matters remain pending.
investigations. In this, the corresponding imminent ones are necessary
studies.



Blood plasma -Defense- and field of development of endobionts of
the blood.

According to Enderlein, endobionts possess various qualities:

They can influence other developments during their development. Certain
self-regulatory effects that fall within the scope of an orderly defense.
As physiological influencers that act on fermentation and influence the
pH. From the perspective of practical medical fact, what is most interesting is the
importance of higher forms of growth such as bacteria
fungal infections, causing diseases that require intervention from the
Doctor. It is essential that in Enderlein's blood symbiosis it does not
induce a a specific relationship with the disease and in reality this is
caused depending on the stage of development. (2B. Its culminating.) This
it is one of Enderlein's revolutionary discoveries.
Endobionts - Participants in the regular processes of the Internal Milieu.
(s.i)



Direct and indirect communication through cell contact.

The possibilities of groups A and B are presented in table 27.

A. Communication through direct cell-to-cell contact



Permeable adhesive union

2. Waterproof transfer joint (narrow joint)

3. Channel (articulated separation)

4. Direct passage contact (adhesion)



B. Communication through direct cell-to-cell contact



1. About fracture (synapse)

2. About the base substance (extracellular matrix)

3. About the blood flow (blood/slow path)



C. Near and far electromagnetic effect

Table 3. Outline of cellular communication contact possibilities.



Enderlein observed many forms of cellular communication.

In the dark field, living and direct forms can be observed.
cell communication. Enderlein was then able to document the
formations and behaviors, until that moment unknown to the school
medical. The symbiotic relationships between leukocytes and the cells of the
Blood has already been discussed on pages 24-25.



Articulated spaces - Channels for the exchange of endobions?

The separated joints are direct communications between cell and
cell, in the sense of open channels, are ideal transit places
for the compartmentalization of the endobiomes. Processes conceived in the
that endobions can even cooperate. With all these
speculations conclude that endobionts can molt from
compartments. It is not yet known what this change consists of.
the 'Living Colloids'. The exchanges and transfers can
presumably depend on the factors of the environment and the need.



Transmission through ways, tapes, and channels. (n.a)



Homeostasis - Basic relationship of the ordered function of the biological system.



Conceptual definition.

From Greek homoios = similar, equal, from Greek
stasis=condition=situation.

Homeostasis is defined as a condition of permanent equality.
definition includes the condition of the 'internal milieu' and the maintenance of
specific basic conditions of the whole system in different areas
of the same (cycles, respiration, blood, intestinal milieu, etc.).



Advanced idea in 1929.

In 1929, the Boston physiologist Walter B Cannon (1871-1945) created the
"syndrome of need" process of adaptation rules according to
Selye) the concept of 'Homeostasis' and with this expression he wanted to say that
all living organisms that regulate vital processes by themselves,
are dependent. Cannon tested among others, the ancient theory about the
diseases of Hippocrates, in which a change in the balance of the
material constitution or where human principles are found, lead to
a disease.



Epigenetic homeostasis according to Lerner.

In 1954, Lerner published his research results on the safe
regulation of the different processes and the maintenance of inequality
differential during normal ontogenesis. Homeostatic regulation already
it is ready after the fertilization of the egg and the sperm, with a decisive
importance.
El catálogo de Cotiers rasgos de la homoostasis.

Cotier made a list in 1980 of the most important traits of the
homeostasis in relation to energy content.

Ensuring a normal concentration of glucose in the plasma
sanguine

Accumulation of surplus energy carriers of glycogen and
triglyceride in fatty tissues.

3. Possibility of mobilization of glycogen energy carriers
for urgent needs.

4. Increase in the use of fatty acids and long-lasting corpuscles
to avoid the aggression of amino acids to the musculature.

5. Avoid the intake of unnecessary energy sources.



Totality of regulated processes.

The development of cybernetics has greatly contributed to understanding processes.
regulated within the framework of its regulation, in the center and the periphery of
body. Without a delicate regulatory network that has 1212 cells to
a man weighing 70 kilograms, in which each cell produces 2500
reactions per second, chaos would ensue. The observation of the
living matter (biosubstances) from the cells or organs of our body,
I like the mindset of 'in vitro thinkers', but not the idea of the
biological understanding of a future new medicine.



Homeostasis is a basic condition in the fight against parasitism.
blood.

The condition of the blood (as evidently the condition of others
flowing compartments of the body) is crucial for health and for the
disease; for victory or defeat in the daily struggle with parasites
of the blood; it doesn't matter if these are of exogenous origin, or in the
sense of Enderlein, or if it is about cyclogenetic development of the
endobiotes. In this, future practical medicine will evidently demand
a correct supervision of acidity.



The value of pH – an important parameter of blood homeostasis. (s.i)
Observation of blood homeostasis through observation of the
content of the acid base.



Base-acid content: Regulatory bases of life.

Interest in base acidity content has grown in recent years.
appearing at the very center of the questions about the changes in the
tissues in relation to the direction of common vegetative regulations.
(R. Collier 1989)

Vital processes are fundamentally based on the reaction of the
enzymes, these are reactions of the mucous membranes, the immunological processes,
etc. Life means exchanges of energy, flow of energy, and delivery of
energy. These processes are subject to strong biological laws. One of them
It is what Enderlein called 'The basic Anartatisca'.



The anartatic constitution according to 'Enderlein'.

This law confirms the dependence of probenogeny on the pH value in the
environment 'environment' and continued Enderlein 'the change of the
hydrogen concentration of a strong pH index of high alkalinity at
an increase in the pH index towards acidity establishes the
basis for allowing organisms to evolve within the
progeny since lower organisms evolve together
with a new form of organization.



The upward development is not forced.

Enderlein's experiments showed that the endobionts themselves regulate
its pH value. They clearly showed that in the lower steps the
blood parasites want to evolve through acid acquisitions
hacia una probaenogenie. La “Valencia interna” de los endobiones en este
This case is decisive for directing its strength towards subsequent development.
Conversely, additionally, there is a trend of development towards forms.
inferiors within the extraordinarily easy cyclical course to reach
(alkalization). This fact is of fundamental significance for the
therapists, with importance of the research on the acid base. (Concept
of acidity).

According to Collier - as many other authors also consider - man
From the modern industrial era is acid. At the onset of any disease.
there is excessive acidity present. (Collier 1989). Excessive acidity leads, in the
exaggerated sense of hyperacidity, to think of an infinity of
symptoms; and in the field of medicine to think of patients with
chronic diseases. Important regulatory components exist here.
of the base-acidity content that affects connective tissues (lymph for the
constant content alkaline reserve of the blood KAPF 1991), classic
regulator of acid-base content: the stomach (center of formations
acidic and acidic separations, Worlitscheck 1990) the blood (reservoirs
alkaline) kidneys, lungs, intestines.



The acid-base exam is important.

Not only Enderlein but also v. Brehmer (measurement of concentration of
hydrogen in the organism, Medical World 1933 No 47) were concerned
intensely from the pleomorphic and oncological perspective with the
topic of the regulation of pH value. He was a pioneer in observation
practice of this problem (urine measurement method). Blaeser
(1986) transformed this method of urine measurement. With valuable
devices worked, the three-dimensional measurement of pH, redox potential and
average resistance of blood, urine, and saliva, according to Vicent. With the
help from automata several data were discovered in the clinical field.
However, the evaluation of the propulsion capacity was missing.

In 1985, Jorgensen presented an appropriate practical procedure, in which
the principle of exposure was based on the content of basic acidity
(practice of the base-acidity content). After the result of the
Haefeli dyeing procedure, the erythrocytes appear
involved in the acid content. (Contribution: base acidity content
in the appendix on p. 519).



Red blood cells - important regulators of blood pH.



The Symbiosis - A phenomenon of life in the plant, animal, and human kingdom
the microorganisms.



Symbiosis - Definition.

From the group bios=life; sim = together, symbiosis life together.

The origin of the concept arose in 1879 through A de Bary. He conceived
that in a symbiosis, different organisms lived together. Today they
understands life together, whether temporary or lasting, as symbiosis in which
different organisms adapt to each other. This relationship of changes between
different organizations, it can have for the partner that fits a
symbiotic relationship, different meaning.
Example of Symbiosis in nature.

A close relationship between two specific organisms leads to a
"authentic legitimate symbiosis", something like that which takes place between the
hermit crab, the beetle and the sea anemone and like the
ectoparasite annihilator of the mouth-cleaning fish (illustration 31). The
symbiosis in which one member cleans the other occurs
abundantly in nature (2B in crabs). Sometimes
There is a useful relationship (like in the pollen station in bees.)
Many individuals, sponges, stinging animals, and worms carry algae.
I can do it. The symbiosis in plants shows braids, bacterial bulbs and
microrricias.

Leafcutter ants and wasps suck some fungi from
those who live many animals that cannot live without the presence of
microorganisms in your intestine. Among them are the beetles,
trumpet flies, etc. With permanent populations of bacteria and
yeasts. The life forms that feed on the juice of the leaves
(shildlanse Blallohe) show with at least symbiosis 4 symbionts. More than
an animal in its developmental stages lives off the blood of the
vertebrates inducing symbiotic reproductions with them, the bugs and
others. With these few examples, colors are by no means exhausted.
from the palette of symbiotic life forms.



Symbiosis in humans.

Man and microorganisms form a natural and intimate vital society.
On the surface of the skin, as in the membranes of the skin, settle
permanent cohabitants in a harmless and authentic symbiosis
(illustration 32). Some of these symbionts must look like
pathogenic faculties. In particular the microorganisms inside the
intestinal tract (from the oral cavity to the anus) first of all the
intestines where today the therapeutic trials of the
immunology.

The intestinal flora is, for the health of our immune defense, of a
great importance. Also, in the blood plasma, they probably circulate
symbionts (Endobionts). It is a great merit for Enderlein to have concluded
his fundamental research, which evidently increased
convincingly both in and out of the country. Next to the endobiomes
circulating are the citoendobiones (p. 43, table 4) of great importance
biological for each particular cell of man. Also here played
Enderlein, along with other researchers, plays an important research role.
(see page 486 Historical data).

The symbionts that live at the host's expense are referred to as parasites.
(see p. 64).
Since the origins, symbiotic life.



Cytosymbiosis: from Enderlein - and for cell researchers
before he – was already known.



The idea of cytosymbiosis.

Even before the 20th century, it was A.F.W. Schemmer who declared that the
plastids could only come from their equals, Schermmer indicated that
this situation was an 'intracellular symbiosis' between an autotrophic symbiosis
and a heterotrophic host. In 1890, R. Altman formulated the hypothesis of the
endosymbiosis. The essential postulate of this hypothesis was that the
Autoreduplicating plastid and the descendant mitochondrion are self-cells.
free individuals, those that in an early phase of evolution as
cytosymbiosis were unisexual cells and there they established themselves as organelles.




Enderlein favored the hypothesis of endobionts.

Enderlein also followed this Endobiotic hypothesis, and in a way
analogously meritorious examined the behavior of the endobionts in the
human organism, underpinning it. According to Enderlein, they live in the body
of each man both intracellular and extracellular structures
(coliodes/protists Page 44-45) that in a suitable environment can assume
the cooperation and copulation with parasites. The discoveries of Enderlein
together with those of Alboni and Knoﬂach (1984), the endobiomes that divide are
of extracellular life, in the second case it is a cytosymbiosis (=
endosymbiosis). The term Endosymbiotic Hypothesis is fundamentally
incorrect inspiration.



The endobiotic hypothesis, with opposition.

It must be acknowledged that the aforementioned hypothesis has not been accepted until today in
the meaning that the organelles in the form of plastids mitochondria, a part
whose proteins of the cell to which they belong are synthesized in the
nuclear code. Plastids and mitochondria are inside eukaryotes.
(eucaryotes = cells with nuclei) are only host cells
semi-autonomous.



Cytosymbiosis - no rarity.
Cytosymbiosis is present today in living organisms, including humans.
where it is, greatly extended. Foreign cells surviving in the
large host cells pose a phenomenon to cell biology
Highly interesting. An important and ongoing question although, not yet
Clara, turn each factor into an obstacle, the reason why the symbiotes in the
host cells are not digested. The case of cytoparasites has a
answer to this question, the answer comes from medical practice and is from
medical importance as can be seen in the impressive example of the
Malaria. (Albini, Knoﬂach 1984).



The Endobions of Enderlein enjoy lasting originality.

Enderlein was able, in the twenties of this century, to present results
of research that the cytobiotes in the human organism undoubtedly
they were long-lasting inhabitants of the same "by the year 1915 had isolated
blood endobionts and I had examined them" even in that year a
the guild of doctors presented it as an identifier of the fungus, Mucor
racemosus. Subsequent studies during Enderlein's life
they directed towards deepening in the wide area of 'symbiosis', the
parasitism in the blood as well as in the body's tissues.



The Citosymbionts cannot be digested in the host cells.



The end of the cell's dominion. (Enderlein 1925). The endobionts

they will be even more admitted.




Forms of life that change rapidly.

In the year 1916, Enderlein made a pioneering discovery. On the occasion of his
work about typhus observed in the dark field, small shapes of
life that moved and with highly organized bacteria that
they maintained a union. These copulative products instantly
they became invisible. He assumed here, sexual processes from which did not arise
superior endobion developments, but rather inferior. To these
small copulating life forms he called spermatozoa, which by their
flagella bear a resemblance to male sperm.



Life – "a gigantic symbiosis at its origin".

Enderlein was at that moment recognizing the symbionts of the
blood in mammals. These exhibited a remarkable wealth of forms.
Among others, there were erythrocytes, constructs of individual cells that he
"interpreted" as platelets. In 1916, in the midst of a large work with
a large number of results, indicated that life should be understood as
a "gigantic symbiosis at its origin".



Colloids show us that blood is alive.

Colloids (Th. Graham 1861) belong alongside polysaccharides and the
nucleic acids to the group of important biopolymers of our
organism. Colloids are composed of 10^3 to 10^9 atoms and of 10^2
up to 105 of material (amino acid) in a colloid-dispersed medium
(colloidal) dividing molecularly or aggregately in a measure of 10-4
up to 10-7. The size of the corpuscles in the dispersion phase remains
below 2um (2000A) visible directly under the microscope
light. Like the minimum limit. It is defined at a size of 5 mm (+50º).
This dispersion phase moves relatively freely in a solution. The
colloids cannot diffuse through membranes by rule.
animals. They are like associations –or micellar colloids, known as
limited substances (soap). In the form of "molecule-colloids", they play a
important role as macromolecules in milk, in blood
(Hemoglobins...) in the cell protoplasm. The protists of Enderlein.
they can be ordered colloidal molecules in the blood and in the tissues,
that should still be investigated with modern scientific methods.



Colloids – macromolecules with unimaginable informational content.

Albumin occupies a central position in the life of living organisms.
more than ¾ of aqueous substances contain proteins. The
architecture of these large molecules, allow through their
primary, secondary, tertiary, and quaternary structures, valuable
possibilities of informatics biocommunication. Albumins are carriers
of charges and have different electrical qualities, that's why they exchange
in an electric field (electrofluorescence). Albumin acts as water
and acidic substances, or carriers of heavy metals, such as enzymes,
or as construction materials and supporting framework of 2NS,
as immuno-informative substances. As annihilating weapons in the
defense of the body.



The formation of crystals is incomprehensible.

Many protein bodies are in a position to form crystals.
(fig. 36-38). This property was often observed by Enderlein and
correspondingly documented. These transformations of said
products, classified them as pseudocrystals, cistathogenic formations,
dry albumin etc. On pages 300-305) it is presented in a way
impressive an infinity of these morphological phenomena. About the
relationship between crystals and microbiology see the appendix on page 529.



Biocrystals, in which growth can occur at any moment.

life.



The Enderlein colloids - initiators of information,

carriers of information, transmitters of information.

Are the albuminous colloids inductors of the living?

Up to now, the research results related to the most
recent data (see Annex "Life - What is that?") ; say that also the
proteins possess a 'knowledge'. Certain forms of proteins
they may be in a position to start functions at the microorganism level
vital. Here, phenomena play a fundamental role
quantum physicists.



Energy transfer between biophotons.

Today it is generally accepted that all weak biological systems
they present permanent light emissions of at least 200-800 nm. Their
intensity ranges from a few photons to several thousand per meter
surface square (F.A. Popp 1993). The cells contain "bundles of
photons,” Popp located these beams in the DNS bandguide of
the polymers. Clearly, the photons of the DNS can not only irradiate,
but also deliver coherent bandwidth fluctuations.
light emissions can be investigated in almost all nuclei of the
cells. Photonic communication is not only local but also long-range
reach (mechanism of remote communication at the speed of light).
Through their high degree of arrangement, the bundles of the cell possess, and to
Despite its minimal intensity, it has a high informative character.




Do biophotons organize life?

Biophotons are projected at their speed (the speed of light 300,000)
in a suitable medium and that provokes 30 trillion reactions
conductive chemicals to a supply of 10 million/s in the human body.
Esta comunicación del mecanismo de la señal según Popp se debe a la
biochemistry.
Enderlein's observations were clarified in terms of their causality.

The observations that Enderlein first made about the changes
fast in particular conditions of endobiotic structures are today
confirmed in light of quantum physics investigations. Each
molecule in particular the mentioned can be like complex spheres
energetics, relate to the layers, of the electrons. The delivery and
acquisition of electrons corresponds to the condition of exchange
energy. The proteins that share their electronic charge, are
they transform themselves. The proteins that induce a change of charge to
other macromolecules can transmit development as inducers
posterior to the structure of organic life. Life means relationship of
changes in the level of effect caused by electrons, protons, quanta and
other "small particles".



Panorama of the primitive structures of symbiotic life within the
human body.

The illustration on the parallel page shows the description of Enderlein, in
this condition the possibility of pathogenic structure in an endobion
investigated. Each form presented can be transformed into another
quickly (direction of the arrows). The forms of growth here
Submitted will later be discussed in the issue of cyclogenesis.



A symbiont the size of five thousandths of a millimeter: molecules
initiators of life, endobionts with important biofunctions. (n.d)



"Socialization" is a higher link of development, from primitive forms.
Endobiotic: The sperm can retroregulate.



The great 'powerful' in the primitive structures of life
endobiotic.

Each life undergoes an ordered process. Without order, or a process
lacking

direction, without intracellular communication the stable vital processes
they would be

impossible. It is evident that in the realm of the lower rungs
macromolecules
there is an exchange of effects between molecules, molecular changes
and the

primitive cellular formations. YaEnderlein had mentioned
conditions

changing rapidly in the field of microbiology regulation and the

retroregulation related to the activity of sperm.



The espermitas function as bioregulators.

Also in the blood endosymbiosis, the regulations are established.
Dual aspects of being: The developmental stages of endobiotics 'Forms
"primitives" strive to achieve a "socialization" in order to achieve a
higher development of evolution, in a balanced homeostatic order. The
tone in this regulation, the sperms are given here.



The espermitas. Relatively good characterization of Enderlein.

In 1925, the spermatozoa described in "Ciclogenia-Baterial" appeared.
drawings. In the context of the blood topic under "Diagnosis" on the page
234-237 additionally described are also provided on page 50, until the
point of reaching Enderlein's thesis. The spermatozoa are according to the
scientific recognition today, really identical to bacteriophages.



Enderlein's thesis on the regulation of sperm.

Illustration 41 reproduces the connections, without considering the
size

real in schemes:

In the complement of the changes (1) of the primitive endobiotic forms,
the little hopes suggest (2) being additionally, acting
regulators. In primitive forms, organisms have been built of
higher development (3), Michitas (4) little diploma (5) forms of ascites (6).
The espermites can through coupling processes at the level
biological quantum transmission (7). Based on this copulative ability
Enderlein identified the sperm with the already known bacteriophages.
that today generally cannot be upheld). These discoveries
fundamentals of regulatory possibilities were subsequently the basis
for a revolutionary therapy: Isopathy.
Enderlein's espermints: indispensable biorregulators. (n.p.)

High development plan for endobiotic (pathological scope). (n.d.)

Bacteria Killers - Known since 1915 (Twort).



Brilliant conclusion by Enderlein.

As already mentioned on page 44, Enderlein described in 1916 in his
studies on typhus, the mating processes, and drew a conclusion not
conventional of these observations. However, it was not Enderlein who
first researcher to discover the development of this process, nevertheless
he was the first scientist to draw conclusions.



Twort was the first discoverer.

In 1915, it was possible to establish that free bacteria (1) filtered in the
patients' deposits from (shillen) were in a position to provoke
Shillen crops. In later years, Enderlein did it himself.
analogous observation. In 1917 d'Herelle also came with similar
discoveries and called these particles that in his opinion were in
position of killing bacteria, 'bacteriophages' basically proposing the
as such, despite that before him, important research results
(Feihismann 1907) did not relate to the emergence of cyclogenesis.



The Enderlein espermites Are they identical to bacteriophages?

Due to a succession of research results carried out by others
pioneers in microbiology, Enderlein took on the task of establishing a
identity between sperm and bacteriophages. The possibilities
described on page 44 of a mating of the sperm with the material
developed from the mycelium of any bacteria or forms of fungi.
(original text in AkmonTomo I, notebook 7 Editorial IBICA 1955 pages
39/40) have in the framework of cyclogenetics and in its development a function
regulatory element. Today there are comparable research results
that show a singular coincidence at some points.



Similarity: Modern research - Enderlein.

Nowadays, when the electron microscope deals with forms of life
microscopic; bacteriophages are mentioned in the
specialty in microbiology/virology. A composition is provided on these.
listed (“E” concept of Enderlein, “Sch”= concept of the Medical School
actual, K" author's comment). Coordination: E: Primitive forms of the
endobionts. Sch: Virus, K Enderlein,

he was at the moment of publishing his main work 'Cyclogenesis of the
bacteria

1925 when viruses were not yet known in the sense they are today.
The microscopic particles were not infectious for Enderlein.
they were primitive colloidal forms (protists, protistas, tiny)
Simprotists: together in the ultravisible field, they were for Enderlein.
hypothetical formations).

Size: E: In the micrometric range 4m (0.01µ). Sch: in the field
nanometric.

Head up to 100 nm (Busshah, Brauer, Scumuss 1989) 10-150 nm (Thicle
1991

Length (including the tail) in the B-stick formations, up to 150nm
(Wiesmann

1982, Hahn, Falke, Klein 1991

Form: E: Head and tail. Sch. Very different, Balls, sticks and ending.
in line

and small Harchen (illustration 43 on the page to the right)

Part of the neck E: 'Centrioles' a generative organelle. School of
medicine Sch:

"part of the neck". Is it important?

Subject: E: Symprotoistic head as well as the albumin tail
added

Protic material: nucleic acid head plus protein envelope.
wrapping

protein.

Mobility: E: 2T very mobile 'flocks' Medical School, movable.

Functions: E: regulatory, in conjunction with other developmental steps

they return to their primitive form. Medical school: Bacteria killers.
They use the

host organisms to establish their position.



¿Son las espermitas idénticas a los bacteriófagos?. (s.i)
II.-HEMATOLOGY.

Old and new in the field of blood pathology. (n.d.)



Leeuwenhoek - First discoverer of the smallest forms of life
bacterial.



More than a thousand years of prevalence of the miasma theory.

The history of epidemics is as old as human history.
Aspects of the

infectious diseases were known; ideas about epidemics have
busy the

the minds of men from an early age: already in Greece in the times of
Hippocrates

(460-380 BC) there were theories that sought to describe the
causes of the

epidemics and diseases. Finally, in the times that followed
appears in Greece

the Miasma theory (from Greek miasma = pollution) that prevailed
almost until the

19th century, as an indicator of the causes of the emergence of diseases.
This

domino theory over any other that considered diseases
they were

produced by small corpuscles, a belief that blocked the process
scientific

for a long period of time. With cleaning through smoke and the
force of

fire; with masks and essences, the men sought to protect themselves from
contagion of

miasma in times of epidemics.



The theory of contagion.
The Roman physician Galen (199-129 BC) considered two causes of
diseases: miasma and contagion (=infection). In the 16th century
Fracastoruis expanded the theory of contagion and also described it through
different observations, the transmissions as well as the periods of
incubation; however, the idea of a threat to mankind from
micro-organic bodies that were found in the environment and
they penetrated inside the body (endobiomes) had to wait for
centuries. With the discovery of the microscope by A. Van Leeuwenhoek
(1670) a large number of tiny life forms were discovered although
they did not form opinions in the sense that these tiny forms of life
they could constitute disease agents.



The hunt for pathogens begins.

Inspired by Leeuwenhoek's discoveries, many researchers,
they saw the possibility of tracking a creature. They were convinced that the
life could not be spontaneous. At that time experiments were conducted.
investigative with the decomposition of Hay (Redi 1629-1679, Needham
1713-1781, Jablot 1645-1723, Spallanzani 1729-1799.



A London surgeon takes the 'Go' shot in 21st-century microbiology.
19.

At the end of the 18th century, J. Adams -a London surgeon- had been involved in
increasingly shaped by the etiological questions of cancer. In the year 1801
a document appeared titled 'Observations on Breast Cancer', where it discusses
from his observations on agents in the primitive phase of cancer
mom



Fermentation - and cancer research.

The initial phase of true microbiological research is located in the
19th century and was mainly concerned with the issue of the agent of
cancer like from the fermenting experiments (yeasts). The same
famous researcher, Pasteur, a chemist by profession, turned towards
what was considered a true national problem in France: the
causes of wine fermentation.

As founders of modern microbiology, Louis Pasteur (1822-
1895) and Robert Koch (1843-1910). The miasmatic controversy (represented
by Pettenkofer) and the contagionist (represented by Koch), ended in favor
from the contagionist (discovery of anthrax 1870 and of the bacillus of
tuberculosis 1882 by Koch). A catalog of historical data from the times
initials of microbiology, with particular comments about the
discoveries that are interesting for pleomorphic thinking
is found in the appendix page 486 ff. This list presents a colossal
research exhibition.



Explosion in microbiological research with knowledge
pleomorphic.



History.

1651: Harvey: "All living beings come from an egg" This thesis later proved to be unsustainable.
in

meaning of pleomorphism.

1801: Adams observed for the first time the primitive phase of the agent of
cancer in

a breast carcinoma.

1838: Muller confirmed Adams' discovery and named the particle
infectious

the seed of disease

1848: Rokitanski: Related fibrins as a cause of the genesis of cancer.

1865: Bechamp: His hypothesis establishes a circular path of the substance.

living beings. He discovered that all the cells of plants and animals
(also the

coal stones) contain microparticles that, after they die, do not

They return to the ground. He called them 'Microsomes' 'molecular granules'. It

interpreted as basic substances that caused the epidemics.

1866: Friedreich: Charges are generated in the circulation of the blood with
factors

tumoral.

1867: Haller: Knowledge about Bacterial Polymorphology.

1870: Fresen characterized a mold fungus. This species was noted.
after how

Mucus Rasemosus.
1876: Cohn: Discovered durable forms of bacteria that he described as
spores.

1867: Koch: Bacteria can develop in spores.

1877: Nägeli: All the sticks, spiral threads, etc. are
isometrically

separated, as regulated units together.

1879: Robin: Descubrió una bacteria de bastones como “Leptotricia Bucalis”
the one that


corresponds to a cycle of the stage of the endobionts of Enderlein and outside

detailed study by V. Brehmer.

1880: Wernich: In liquids, pathogen formations can be seen
labile

1881: Brefeld: Great kingdoms of shapes in subtilis bacteria.

1883: Zopf: An individual bacterium can throughout its life go through
various

ways of growth.

1883: Kurth: He was checking the formations of Godenias. Kurth considered
the

misfits mistakenly, as forms of ontogenetic development of the

superior bacteria.

1884/86: Hueppe: Next to simple bacterial forms there also exist
formations

pleomorphic.

1884: de Bary: Separated endospores and arthrospores. The latter are identical to
the

Gomidias.

1884: Lampiasi: In the blood of cancer patients, bacilli appear in
ways of

spores that are generated in the bones of animals.

1885: Gasperini: The involutive forms are favorable to types of
bacteria, such as

the degenerative mites.
1885: Ferrán: The involutive forms such as those of the cholera agent are
fruitful.



Enderlein - The great pioneer of pleomorphism and parasitology.



Datos de un gran investigador.

Günther Enderlein was born on August 7, 1882 in Leipzig, as the son of a
family

settled in educators in Leipzig. After the studies of
preparation, study

natural sciences with an emphasis on zoology. He completed his studies with a
qualification

suman cum. He later became an official of the Berlin Zoological Museum.
During its

more than 40 years dedicated to science published more than 500 works
scientists.



Brilliant idea from a brilliant researcher.

In 1916, he was the first to discover the possibility of retro development of the
microbes of lower forms than higher forms. Hence the idea arises
that copulation does not necessarily mean a subsequent development in it
ontogenic. In 1925 he publishes "Cyclogenesis of Bacteria" turned into
model book of Pleomorphism. Then it dealt with the importance of the
primitive symbiosis, as well as its development possibilities. In 1946
It raises the idea of endobionts. As endobionts fundamentally.
described Mucor racemosus Fresen and Aspergillus Tieghem respectively.
possibly develops ascendantly (Progressive Probaenogeny /
decreased.



Foundation of Private Institutes.

She founded a private microbiology institute in Berlin, where
They develop many types of preparations from mold fungi.
He was a manufacturer for many years of the Sanum firm in Berlin. Enderlein
he occupied all his thoughts on the concept of total health and gave this theory
the name of Akmosofia (from Greek akmae).
Foundation of a factory in Aumühle.

After the Second World War, Enderlein founded an Institute in
Aumühle

near Berlin and Hamburg. In this company called 'UBICA' he was engaged
of

important issues about Pleomorphism, symbiosis and the
improvement in

of the preparations.



1968 - Year of Enderlein's death.

After the death of Enderlein, his widow Siegrid Enderlein, directed UBICA.
until 1975; from this moment on, he took charge of the firm and the program
of prepared, the company Sanum Kelhbeck in Hoya. It was also
exitosamente ampliado el repertorio terapéutico.



Bacterial Cyclogenesis – always a model job. (s.i)



V.Brehmer – a life dedicated to the search for the cancer parasite.



The path of an endless education.

Dr. Wilhelm v. Brehmer was born on March 24, 1883, in Manden.
Westphalia. After his humanistic education in Potsdam concludes.
successfully in 1909. He immediately got involved in a job as
assistant auxiliary to Professor Engler and successfully studies Biology, Physics,
Chemistry, Microbiology, Geology, and then Veterinary Medicine and Human Medicine.

More biographical data of an authority.

Before World War I, travels to West Africa with a reputation of
researcher.Soldier in the war.Once the war was over, again with the
Professor Engler. In 1923 he directed the Microbiology Laboratory
Anatomopathology in Berlin. Close collaboration with Professor Pfeiler.
regarding viral diseases. During this time, verify the
existence of microbes in the blood of animals and humans. Appears between
other authorities presenting alongside other authorities about the parasite
from malaria and a new discovery of an intracellular agent
"Siponospora polimorfa" recognized in the "World of Medicine"
publication No. 34 as a possible agent of cancer. In 1935 it took charge
from the direction of the Paracelsus Institute in Nuremberg.



He was not a supporter of Hitler's regime.

By not accepting the invitation to join the National Socialist Party
German, fell into political intrigues. In 1939 the party prohibited him from attending a
Congress in Brussels on cancer. In 1937, the Institute was closed.
Paracelsus by orders of Hitler. He continued working in Berlin. The persecution.
the policy with the regulation of the GESTAPO, caused Brehmer to withdraw,
as a state server and will work in a private laboratory, which was
completely destroyed during the war.



The Post-war.

In 1945, he worked as a researcher in Berlin. In 1947, he published the
monograph 'Siponospora polimorfa'. In 1948, he founded the Academy
International for blood, tumors, and infectious diseases. It
find famous oncologists and researchers such as Issels, Villequez,
at the spa Kreuznach. He died in Kassel on October 22, 1958.



Significant research work.

Doctor Brehmer was, like Enderlein, an tireless researcher, who
In parallel to microbiology, he explained matters related to the Milieu.
He developed a team to measure intravascular pH (Hemo-Ionometer) thus
as a special coloring method. (Appendix on page 536) with which
they could hold special exhibitions. A large part of her life was dedicated
to issues related to the microbiology of the cancer agent -here
with the pleomorphic details of Siponospora - as well as issues in
the treatment of cancer. From here, I developed unique treatments on
food and preparations, like a vaccine made from the swabs of
the Siponospora.



Unification of a systematic and clear nomenclature. (s.i)

V. Brehmer - Staining: Optimal exposure to endoparasitic attacks
intracellular (s.i)

Parasitic cases inside and outside the blood cell with the
possibilities of severe thrombosis. (n.a.)
An army of researchers is focused on the symbiosis of blood and the
blood parasites.



Microbiology at the service of human protection.

Modern microbiology today deals with a multitude of issues that
they necessarily complicate the processes in the laboratories. From here
it is deduced that the research work reaches such a dimension that only
It can be achieved through the creation of various subdisciplines. By penetrating the
man in the microscopic world, seeks to protect himself against the
diseases caused by prions, viruses, mycoplasmas, bacteria and
mushrooms. This affects the fields of domestic and public hygiene, the
production industry of goods and also health knowledge.



Need for a systematization and unification of the nomenclature.

From this urgent need to, from the beginning, use practice and
systematically had already been indicated by Ernesto Haeckel 1866 with the
that sought guiding assistance from the whole of the organic world outside
divided into three groups according to their origin and phylogenesis, starting from
the theories of selection and descent by Charles Darwin 1859. Today it
they have a variety of books on microbiology studies
the specialty (Stanier: General Microbiology. Thiman: The life of the
bacteria. Davis: Microbiology. Hahn, Falke, Klein: Microbiological Medicine
etc.) All the mentioned authors, teams – authors of these books
theoretical, related to the sub-discipline of microbiology such as
Virology, Parasitology, and Mycology present schemes through a
current classification and safe nomenclature that is inspired by the
homologation and that can also be explained in the scientific world.



Is it the lack of pleomorphism, its disjointed language?

Since Bechamp's discovery, a multitude of researchers have
they guided the research on the organisms in the blood in the cells and
in different tissues. This search anticipates the search for the "agent"
on cancer.” A highlighted documentation on this topic published
by Windsto er (1995) in the search for the cancer agent found
differences among scientists about the supposed differences
among the elemental corpuscles inside and outside the cell. The
maturation of the research led to all kinds of names
that appear in a list on the next page. From here it arose
inevitably the question of identity.
Loss of credibility due to confusion in nomenclature.

A comparative representation and statement from the beginnings of
Pleomorphism (Bechamps) and above all from the existing literature of
Enderlein shows evident divergences related to the
nomenclature as well as in the conceptions regarding the
interpretation of microbiological discoveries. Based on what
expressed in the prologue of this book, a clear storm rose
new interests about Pleomorphism; even of a correct and sustained
the need for research results to be inscribed in concepts
modern doctors appear as a mandate of the hour, in line with the
former 'Professional' guide in the Diagnostics area of diagnostic
dark field and the increase of discoveries about the foundations of value
of the coloring preparations induced by scientific assessment. It cannot
stop importing, that a unified nomenclature is achieved for the
similar content, thus making it impossible to doubt the credibility of
the results.



The confusion in the nomenclature must change with the unification.



Bechamp-Microsomes.

Schmidt - Viral type oncogenic agents.

Enderlein - Endobionts.

v. Brehmer -Sinospora poliforma.

Villequez - Latent parasitism of the blood.

Naessens-Somatidas.

Gerlach-Micromycetes.

Fog-Oncomixa.

v. Weber-Protists belonging to microorganisms.

Ruzicka-Mycoplasma as corpuscles etc... (s.i)



Parasitism - An ancient phylogenetic principle.



Parasitism: Definition.
Griego: Parásito = comedón, parásito, parasitismo = forma de vivir los
parasites.

It is an ancient natural phenomenon. This includes one or many
cells in plants (phytoparasites) or in animal organisms
(Isoparasites) that in a host (ectoparasite) or within the
(endoparasite) at its expense they feed. Parasitology is understood as,
according to Thiele, life in a conditioned environment, where parasites are
they relate. In general terms, they belong to bacterial pathogens in the
Man, also in fungi and viruses, although the term is medical.
this idea is generalized to the whole kingdom to which the agents belong
causes of diseases (Wiesmann 1982). Here it is about
fundamentally of protozoa and helminths.



Endoparasites in the hiding places.

Endoparasites oriented towards parasitism can be introduced
practically in all compartments of the body; in the matrix
extracellular: in the circulatory pathways, body cavities, and inside
of different cells. Thus, many cellular phenomena are related to
the hosts that accommodate. The hidden intracellular parasites
present a fundamental problem for the

immunodefense, especially when the cell wants to protect itself from the parasite.




Host - Parasites: A relationship of exchanges with different
consequences.

Parasites have to do with the vital order of the hosts.
different effects. According to the nature of the triggers of
diseases differ by their effects of obligate pathogenic parasites,
optional or periodic. The classification orientation criterion is above all
for the pleomorphic point of view of fundamental importance how will it be
subsequently discussed. The development of the parasites may be
related to one or several species of the hosts. (parasitism -
mono or polixero). Parasitoids are forms of life that act as
medium parasites in a specific phase of their parasitic life.



Vascular blockage due to parasites.

The kidnapping of parasites, whether they are the big ones (Cysticerci, Echinococci)

as well as the smallest, bacterial parasites can be harmful

sensibly the flow of the blood. Also according to Enderlein they are of
fundamental importance the development steps of the endobionts, in

the sense of a disorder, to the point of causing a heart attack or an embolism. Thus
can one

filamentous braid (V. Filetas. Page 198) leading to an accident; in which
case a

blood test the dark field can serve as a warning.



Blood parasites – Enderlein's endobionts are absent in the books of
texts.

In the course of the second to the seventh decade of this century, broad

discoveries indicated the mandatory presence both intra and
extracellularly from certain inhabitants in our body, which
has been considered by science until today. In a time of complicated
high technology and supposed unlimited possibilities, in which the forms
biomolecules in our body can be penetrated, antibodies
monoclonals and probes can be placed. This allows to see the
"derailed" parasites in the sense of an endobiotic step
developed in an easy and direct way, in the dark field, as well as being
diagnosed with coloring agents.



Parasites that can plague the hosts of.

Bacteremias - Circulation of parasites in the blood. (s.i)

Blood parasites – intracellular and/or extracellular. (s.i)

Surprising findings at the edges. (n.d.)

Monstrous formation: What species?

Protozoa: About 30 unicellular organisms are of medical importance.

Classic example of blood parasitism: Malaria.



Blood parasites that cause millions of illnesses each year.



Telegram of a possible catastrophe.

The complicated infection and the increase of malaria parasites,
exemplifies in tertiary malaria. (The attached illustrations).
Events with the Anopheles mosquito.

1. - The Anopheles mosquito sucks the blood of a sick person and takes
additionally other generic formations, including gametes.

2. - Flagellation of the gamete in microgametocytes.

3. - Fertilization of the female gamete by the male cell.

4-6. – Interval of forms up to...

6. - The formation of the oocyte which through the intestinal wall of the
mosquito moves until it matures into an oocyst.

7. - Development of the oocyte until it forms spore bubbles that later
breaking the cyst, they become sporocytes and are introduced into the
glandular deposits of the mosquito and from here they are introduced into the body
human through the sting.



Explosion in the human body.

In the human body, we have to distinguish two phases: The phase
pre-erythrocytic and the erythrocytic phase.

II. A.- The pre-erythrocytic phase in the liver and other parenchymal glands.

The sporocytes reside in the cells and multiply asexually.
forming into microzoites and turning into parenchymal cells
and/or in erythrocytes

II. B.-Erythrocytic Stage.

Erythrocytes are the red blood cells. They grow in the spaces.
Trophozoites grow intracellularly. In the space of the erythrocytes, the
micromycetes are free, forming in red blood corpuscles or
transforming into sexual cells.

II. C.- Gamete maturation phase.

This maturation process leads to the formation of male cells and
feminine, those taken by the mosquito that bit, the large circle
you can start over with a next victim.



The malaria parasite - model example for pleomorphism.
The malaria parasite in the blood shows in a particularly
impressive individual cycle possibilities of a species
parasitic. The richness of forms is a good sign of nature.

Corresponding morphology.

The development and growth of shapes in textbooks are compared.
doctors with drawings, photographs, and electron microscopic illustrations
we see a total similarity with the ideas and discoveries of Enderlein.



Complicated evolutionary cycle with host changes. (s.i)

The cycle belongs to the basic phenomena of being.



The cycle a symbol of primal strength.

The concept of Zyclus = cycles (from the Greek Kiklos = circle) belongs to the
antiquity, presumably man was searching for symbols to
understand the elemental processes in terms of their limitations
internal and external in a route direction in which one returns to the
starting point. As a symbol of the unity of a force whose expression
circular represented the circumference in the rituals of coral dances and
in the act of gathering around the fire, like magical rituals of
primitive men. (2) Right there, the circle was placed (ancient
German skrezzon = Circle, of unkrelzeln) a court or an arena of
ancient combat is the magical effect of the cycle in its original importance in
the meaning of magic circle or anticamen rites, etc.



The cycle: describing a circle as an idea of something that returns
regularly to the starting point.

The concept of cycle in the broadest sense includes: process and journey
in which things or events are presented repeatedly (cycle
in the field of art, literature, declamation, etc.) In the field of
material facts, as well as in the natural investigation lived the men,
even in those remote times, a design of the sphere of nature, in
evident signs, I saw life forms that traced a cyclical development,
that expired in days, in the cyclical changes of events
cosmological like those of the moon.



Cycles known to all.

From the point of view of medical biology, the cycle of the
blood circulation, as a cycle in the sense of transportation and
download of the substances, between the increase and decrease of volume.
Each woman lives with 'her cycle' during the time of her sexual maturation.
linked to a change in condition between disposition and care.

Carefully contemplating the organism and the environment in which it develops,
various cycles can be observed in which a multitude is produced
of forms based on phenomenological changes. One of those examples
they are offered to us by the different cycles of the malaria stages (p. 72-73).



Cycles of microbiology: The knowledge of its principles is
differentiate.

Since the last century, endless controversies regarding the relationship between
the ontogenetic and phylogenetic observation of organisms favored the
monomorphist criterion (Pasteur). It meant, however, a momentary
conviction for species diagnostic criteria, in particular it
it establishes in its cyclical development, but different species can in the
framework of your cycle presenting different ways of being. Specifically one
primitive form depends on the internal milieu both in the
bacteria like in fungi, to conclude. This is made possible by the
relationship of the dependence of biological quanta on development
organisms. This is indicated by the fact that in the microbial world
the emergence of variations expressed in forms may appear
grotesque, as proven by more than 200 years of the history of microbiology.
(see appendix pp. 486-505).



Medical schools are familiar with many microbiological cycles.



The Ciclogenia – A circle that returns to the Michitas or Micomeritas.



In 1925, Enderlein showed his Cyclogeny of bacteria.

Since its first discovery in 1916, Enderlein worked feverishly and
directly in the idea of a cylogeny of bacteria. Before him,
countless researchers (see appendix Stories pp. 486-505) had
pointing out the existence of an upward evolutionary development cycle of the
germs. In the work published in 1925, it was expressed in chapter VI of
Cyclogenesis of bacteria. 'When things reach their fullness
development, return to their origin. Lao-tzu Tao Te Ching. 16th century BCE
Christ).
The definition of Enderlein's original idea about Ciclogeny.

The cyclogenesis of bacteria is the course of morphological development.
through the sum of all the generations of the simple units of
small micromichitas reach a morphological structure
superior, in which separated species transmit qualities and are
they complete with the unit of michitas and micromichitas, and add: The
Cyclical means nothing more than the phylogenetic repetition in that
moment, also in short forms intervals. Just like in insects
the egg leads to the larva and this to the chrysalis and to other imaginable stages, it
goes from one extreme condition to another, through small processes of
development, with the difference that this does not occur in an individual, but rather
in a large number of generations in which it is divided.



The tour begins with the Michitas and the Micomeritas.

Enderlein defined the primitive forms as 'michitas' (see page 269), the
micomeritas (spermits see pages 234-237) goonitas and oitas, like
indicators of cyclogenesis with a nucleus of 'mean value') in which already
elements are found to continue the upward development until the
culminating.

This establishes in advance that the primitive physiological forms
presents (see pages 194-197) are the basis from which the structures
The initials of the cyclogenesis must develop. In other words: if in the
blood holds a multitude of small cats / little mice, it can
an upward trend in developmental pathology occurs
cladogenetic.

Ciclode – a unique course.

If a cyclogenetic development takes place in a single course, it will be designated
like a cycle. Each cycle establishes its different forms of development: with
an ascending development (probaenogeny), with an ascending development
as a stadium, with which no form is subsequently produced
of later development, perhaps just an eventual multiplication (auxogeny)
of their present forms of being.



Statistical cycle - constitutions with two forms of growth.

The cycle stages are defined as ancestry and morphological construction.
Each cycle contains a multitude of different species of cycle stage.

Within each cycle stage, conditions are shown for the change of two
ways to grow: for example, they alternate like the one in the photo exposed to the
right - the ways of growth of dimichitas and didimichitas, these
last ones degenerate into dimichitas from which didimichitas arise again.
and so on. Each species has a maximum construction point.
morphological beyond which it cannot develop. This cycle stage is
design as culminating. The highest form of culminating development is
the fungal stadiums.



The starting point of Ciclogeny: sexual or asexual reproduction. (n.d.)



Important data about the parasite cycle.



Probaenogeny - a progress and a setback.

Biological processes are characterized by their continuous dynamics.
Nothing in nature is static. The processes of the continuous
transformations find in cyclogenesis their expression of abundance
forms. With these permanent signals of vital dynamic processes,
different events can be observed that are of noteworthy
importance for diagnosis and therapy. At each unique 'step', in the
sense in which Enderlein described the 'Cyclode', they distinguish between a
ascending development (progressive probaenogenesis) and a development
descendant (regressive probenogeny).



The culmination as the highest point of development.

The highest point (culminating) of a cycle is the highest in 'case
"Normal" achievable by a particular species in regular development. At
to undergo all the cycle stases in its rise, all morphological ends
they form a structure of fungi. The culmination in fungi is not
in all cases feasible for each species. The cycle of many
species find their point of no return in lower stages, it is said
So the cycle was interrupted prematurely. Each species
it can have multiple peaks. Enter the probenogenie degree
early, this is the state of culmination. Each species can
to possess several culminations; a total cycle begins with reproduction
sexual of two micromeres (spermatids and oocytes) and reach the climax
with the formation of micromers (quote from Enderlein. Note: The concept of
Enderlein is not identical to the concept of orthodox bacteriology.



Inhibition of the cycle: Importance for diagnosis and therapy.

A fact of special importance is the immobility (moclose) of development
cycloid in some cyclostage.
This is exemplified in the use of "bacterial cultures in practice.
traditional medicine: bacteria thrive in these relationships of
homologation by days, weeks and months and even more time... In the moclose
the bacteria are pending the general knowledge they have
from the moclose (quote from Enderlein). In this process it is clear that in the
In the scope of the diagnostic process, it must be assumed in advance, a
flexibility. Microorganisms develop fully in the
corresponding conditions of the milieu, put a corset in the conditions
vitales is an antibiotic.

The mucus is important for therapy and it should not matter that in a
Cycle of auxanogenic germs multiply. The mucolose must be
therapeutically resolved (moclose) with it the small steps of
development can rise to reach high development, from where it
they must observe the corresponding management processes, coupled with
Hello, primitive forms can be separated from the body.



Ciclogeny - Course of morphological development presented by the sum of
all probaenogenetic generations as auxanogenetic, from a
starting point to a culminating development and from here to a return to
starting point.

Cycloid - a course of cyclogenesis. - incomplete cycle with short periods,
massive stoppages and multiplications of a particular generation
during a possible particular cycle stage



The course of the cycle can stagnate or divide, interrupting itself.



Protocoloid - An albumin that knows what it can.



How life was formed.

(see also in appendix page 506)

Anyone who reads Enderlein's ciclogenesis immediately remembers the
Bible (Moses I, Chapter 2, verse 7). It is the breath of God that gives him
energy to the natural world and shapes matter with the emergence of laws and
of factors that make visible and tangible the matter that seeks to form
through Quantus. Its explanation reaches production at some point.
in ways through the union of the Quantus. Thus today the report
mythological about the achievement of education in the sense that Prometheus does not
it has lost its magic.
The changes in the environment allow microorganisms to grow.

One of the fundamental pillars of the factors that can give the game
the ascending microbiological development consists of the base content-
acidity. (see page 38 and appendix on page 519). It has been a while since
They understand the impulses that can cause acidification, in case.
Additionally, many factors are at work, which Enderlein in his
Bacteria - Ciclogenesis
the cyclogenesis; studied in detail. (see p. 88-89).



How does one reach the level of the Michitas?

In the illustration on the side, one can see how the configuration forces of the
levels of primitive links are grouped into simprotists (simprotists
page 222). macroscopic protists (1) and original nuclei (michitas) are formed
(2) that in a later course "they increase their material" (Enderlein) grow and
they form a shell (3). they acquire this original membrane. Finally
they develop their definitive form 'original cells' michitas, tiny
formations that can find abundant sites in erythrocytes.
Differentiation of size between a red blood cell, the circle, and a little cat (cell
for a size specification of Enderlein. In the plasma of
an atrophied erythrocyte (R) and a polytroph (P).



Erythrocytes

real 7μ;

Enlarged. 10,000:1 = 7mm



Michitas:

real 0.6μ;

Magnified. 10,000:1 = 6mm



Mych

Real 0.1μ;

Enlarged 10,000:1 = 1mm
Cells rich in buds and poor in buds.

At the level of the michitas, 5 types of michitas are objectified (above the

illustration 96).

a) Those that contain almost all their nutrient medium in the form of reserve
(4, atrocities). In similar cells, some are sometimes well recognized.
michitas (original nuclei).

b) Those whose cytoplasm is contained in half of buds (motrophy).
Here the original cores are recognizable like never before.

c) Whose cytoplasm is filled with "reserve substances" (bud)
filled with (Pliotrofits 6). The nucleus is not recognizable.

d) Gonidia.

e) Cystitis.



From the small material, primary cells (Michitas) are formed.



Upward growth of endobionts through multiplication
asexual: from protists to fungi.



The upward thrust.

Particularly, large molecules seem to be inhabited by
mysterious forces. The constant drive to "socialize" - as it was called
Enderlein on this aspect - this can under certain conditions
(change of pH value) occurring at an instant within the organism
human. The strength of the subsequent modeling was observed and studied by
Enderlein and other researchers in vitro and in vivo, as well as documented.
An example of this is the corresponding experiments of Enderlein with the
solutions of a high percentage colloidal that is poised to form
any type of synthesis. (V serial formation page 318-141). But
also the ultramodern laboratories are feverishly seeking to challenge that
"complex wisdom" of macromolecules.



Fungi can originate from protists.

The experiment mentioned earlier by Enderlein clearly shows
how over the course of days, from the colloidal material it can clearly
form fungi, like in the drawing on page 97 presented by Enderlein. In
returning to this phenomenon, Haefeli was able to test it in his dye preparations,
different structures of fungi (see Page 431). Evidently that the
high-performance modern microscopes can (Bradford, Ergonom
400, Somatoscope) fully reveal the development of these endobionts.



Asexual reproduction.

From the publication of Enderlein's original texts: The reproduction of
Bacteria spread through asexual and sexual reproduction. From which one
sexual reproduction within a cycle only occurs once, is called
little attention "(Author's comment: The separation of the gametes and the
female game of the little cats can usually be practiced with
microscopic techniques because the steps in this book are not detailed (V.
Bacteria - Ciclogenesis” page 77.

Asexual reproduction occurs with great productivity in the first
plan... Asexual reproduction breaks down into monogamous and
vegetative multiplication through buds that are later separated.



The essential steps of upward evolution.

The primitive step (illustration 98), proven forms of cells
primaries (II) they contain excess nutrients (intact cells) for
that the core remains invisible. An intermediate example is that the
cytoplasm has an intermediate level in its nutrient, called atrosite, a
field through which the nucleus is recognizable (mich). In the framework of a
further development III is enough by daughter cell division and diplomichitas (equal to
diplococci). There are (field IV, V, VI) formations of rods,
little hoses (asci) and finally in fungal and mycelial hyphens (-). In addition
the units of michitas are fundamental, seen as the bricks of the
construction.



Grains, original cells, double rods, hose.

The endobiotic parasitic organelles - As observed by Enderlein (1925).



Modern definition of organelles.

In a strict sense, it is a substructure within a cell that is
limited by a membrane containing the cell. They serve as
singular metabolic matter. As organelles have value today in the reticula
endoplasmic reticulum, lysosomes, the Golgi apparatus, etc. In a broader sense
the cell membranes that appear as belong to also
compartments of certain substance change production
metabolic.



Comparison with the discoveries of the year 1925.

The attached table contains a list of Enderlein's organelles.
Bacteria - Ciclogenesis. It shows two classes:

1. – The position of organelle research during the time of
Enderlein.

2. – Enderlein makes a surprising mention in his 'Bacterial-Cyclogenesis' to
describe the cellular elements of sexual reproduction, not in the framework
from the generation of organelles.



Details about Enderlein's organelles.

As in other areas, Enderlein also had basic results here that
show.A list with a lot of data about individual shapes of organelles
within the framework of highlighting the need to represent them (detailsV.
"Cyclogenesis - Bacterial".

On the attached page 99, some drawn discoveries are shown from the
point of view of that time.



Special exhibition of trophic organelles.

The trophic organelles were especially summarized by Enderlein as
material



of reserve"; they presented it in the cell nuclei and in the processes of
cell division playing a special role at the same time in the
interpretation of the findings regarding bacteriomorphology and how
changes begin in the nuclei of the cells. The trophic organelles
they can condition the appearance of stick-shaped balls, like how
See on page 272 in different variants. As a rule, they can make that
the troposomes of the cells are hidden in extremely poor
environments can be seen the modality of the michitas, gonodias, sticks
only through one eye, etc. These difficulties of the light microscope - From
Leeuwenhoek's son is resolved by the marvelous microscope (ergonom 400
Olbrich, see appendix page 524) that opposed a new sudden dimension.

Organelles:
Generative organelles.



Little Centrioles.



Somatic organelles.

1. -Organelles (tropical) nutrients

a) Various components of cycloplasm (Lipoids, amino acids, bodies
albuminoids, alcohols, building bricks, reserve material.

b) Trophoconiosis, trofosoma, trofosomilas.

c) Sporadic granules.

d) Plasmodermos.

2. -Saving (protective) organelles.

Membranes and epithelial coverings.

3. -Organelles of movement

(=Motor organelles).

Flagella, undulating membranes.

4.-Respirators, assimilative and excretory.

Organelles.

Vacuoles, formations of coloring substances.



These documents also prove Enderlein as an eminent pioneer.
of parasitomorphology. (s.i)



Example of an upward development. Development of the endobion.

inside and outside the erythrocyte.



Endobionts live both intra- and extracellularly.

On pages 32 and 33, it was detailed that the endobionts
endogenous are found in any corner of the body, in any cell
and in any bodily fluid. The intense research of blood through
from any access window of the processes inside the
particles, it may give the impression that it is an area of action
of the blood symbionts. However, it is not like that, as numerous
cancer histology researchers have verified.



Object of study: the blood cell.

The blood cells offer, however, an easy and quick
representation of parasitic life. For this, they provide illustrations in the
page 166 and following, a first testimony of cellular phenomena
morphological as will be clarified in detail later concluding that
Malignancies can also degenerate from the blood system, and in this
to agree with many opinions that some pioneers of oncology have
I have been able to observe, those that are also present in the erythrocytes as
representative of the white cell.



Particularly affected erythrocytes.

In the context of the exhibitions on the processes of immune defense of
blood, from pages 90 and 91, indicates that overloaded endobiones
The gametocytes in the red blood cells are called 'clump of
waste. Possibly the erythrocytes play the role of carriers of the
acidic substances, a central role in the development of endobionts in
that at least in the compartments of the blood of many of the
medical examinations, one can talk. Evidently, the erythrocytes can.
in a shorter or longer time compensate for its influence by intervening in the
value -acid-, of which one can speak of the formation of vacuoles
(coloration: acid deposits, according to Haefeli).



From the small protrusions, tubes and mycelium arise.

Causal and conditional factors of Cyclogenesis.



A multitude of factors must be considered.

Vital processes depend on a multitude of factors. Enderlein is
I had dedicated daily and for many years of study, to research
the vital reactions of viruses, bacteria, and fungi. Their colleagues and others
they regarded him as tireless, working with extensive experience
until exhaustion to achieve high accuracy. It should not surprise us
that her model work, 'Ciclogenie -bacteriana' will cover the field of
conditions of microbiology proven the results of its
investigations and that of its collaborators.



Relevant facts.

A detailed list appears regarding the subject in the illustrations of the
page that follows. Recommending to learn every interesting detail by reading the
original in the manner of Enderlein, its process, and accuracy thus
like your meticulousness.



Discoveries from many years of research.



Bacterial species can exist in different media as well as in
equal means, show different growths. Breeding and cultivation or others
reproductions sometimes give occasion for the mochlolysie: being able to arise
mykasitas.

The acidity value (pH) is of extraordinary importance in development.

(See pages 31-39 pH value, homeostasis in the appendix, p. 519). A medium
acid shows above all a culminating ferment to hinder the
microsomes. The alkaline environment favors the formation of gonidia
(rested/ lasting form).

Virulence and pathogenicity are linked to specific stages of the cycle.

Resistance against the destructive effect of salts.

• Life stages that, with all the help of culture media, do not
they are carried out, they can take place in the human body.

• Las bacterias desarrollan impresionantes estrategias en el desarrollo de
toxins in order to survive.

Unlike early claims that sunlight inhibits
bacteria, it broadens the probageny and in countless cases they arrive
until the culmination.

Bacteria can multiply both sexually and asexually.

The forms of growth alternate within a certain
bicycle stadium.

The little mice can bring about changes in their dynamics.
nuclei, in stable and durable forms (Gonidia cystitas).
If a microorganism halts its development at a life stage, it can
to multiply that species massively (auxanogenetic).

The cycle is interrupted by a series of Dimychotes, which stabilize or
endure.

By centralizing the experiments, other authors prior to Enderlein
they considered the influence of electricity absolutely possible in the
Cyclogeny.



The acid substance, temperature, feeding or pH value, or

spheres or tubes, about a later development or intervals: Everything is
important.



Causal factors of cyclogenesis.

A.- Cycle stages.

1. Also (probably, as probably)

2. Basoita

3. The girl.

profit

b) anaphora.

c) cataﬁta.

d) esporita. (desporita and didiporita).

4. Group of katataktis ascites.

Fitascitas

b) Sporadics.

c) Births.

d) Cystic spaces.

e) Tecascitas

f) Tacos

5. Group of syntactic ascites.

a) Births.
b) Endothelial cells and articular cells.


Plastics.

a) Proplastitas.

b) Cataplasties.

7. Zoitas.

8. Pseudoascites.

9. Fruition.

10.Coenibium.

B.- The Formants.

1. Designations of forms (Life stages)

a) Mycosis.

b) Straws.

2. Physiological and biological designants.

a) Mucous membranes.


b) Color difference in colored medium.

c) Color of the material.

d) Carbonic disintegration (preferably sugary)

e) Chalcogens.

f) Acidogenic.

g) Disintegration of albumin

h) Gelatinous fluid.

i) Virulence and pathogenicity.

Fluorescent faculty.

Binding faculty.

l) Hemolysis.

m) Parasitism.

n) Tolerance to acidity: anaerobiosis.

o) Thermoresistance.
p) Colony form.

C.- Colony.

Primary colony.

Secondary colony.

D. – Mochlose and Mochlolise.

1. Mochlose.

2. Mochlolise.

3. pseudomochlose.

4. pseudomoclysis.

E.- Cyclode (basic laws of cyclogenetics).



Conditional factors of cyclogenesis.

A. Trophomorphosis.

Neutral solid medium.

2. Neutral fluid medium.

3. Parasitism, symbiosis.

4. Sintrophosis.

B. Quimomorphism.

Alkaline (alkalomorphosis).

2. acid (Oximorphosis).

3. Salty (Holomorphosis).

4. Venom (Toxicomorphosis).

5. Other effects.

6. Termomorphosis.

7. Aeromorphosis.

8. Photomorphosis.

9. Electromorphosis.
Much is said about the 'defense', much is still unknown: Enderlein and the
modern immunology.



The human body is constantly threatened.

Pathogenic agents threaten the organism daily (1), whether they are
inanimate particles (2), others without antigenic effects or foreign cells
in individual or multicellular form that carry structures on their surface
antigenic. At appropriate times, the agents provoke immune defenses
in the membranes.



Enemy defense instrumentation.

In the case of reducing the defense corpuscles through (5) the
"Escape Mechanisms" provoked by a sudden amount, although not
dominant, aggressive substances provoke a disease.
Usually the distinction of this in a healthy organism is made with all
tranquility. The foreign cells are samples with or without help from
antibodies or by complement factors or by cellular cytotoxicity
The foreign and antigenic cells are with or without the help of the
phagocytosed and digested antibodies. The remnants, as well as the cells
Those ruined by cytotoxicity must be set aside (8). Within the
Phagocytes this strange material disintegrates and with giant enzymes it
they develop in particles that in the plane of phagocytosis or by changes of
substances are integrated or made available to the host organism
to excrete them.



What happens when this defense fails?

All microorganisms and particulate antigens that manage to penetrate
from outside the body are detected. They are normally
recognized and eliminated. To this are added the killing devourers,
helper cells, enzymes, antibodies, complement components,
etc. If this recognition unit and the mechanisms for it are extinguished
Eating requires too much or is self-defective, this insufficiency leads to
corresponding symptoms of disease.



What happens with endobions?

In the illustration on the side, 3 endobion parasites appear.
schematized (11-13) whose primitive non-pathogenic cyclic phases (14-
16) remain healthy inside the field. Upon reaching a considerable
increase of its primitive structure (e.g. of the endobion no. 13) occurs a
pathological ascending development (18) culminating in a process of
disease. This situation is interpreted by Enderlein as
defensive only through the copulation of the sperm (see p. 48 and the
illustration 103 no. 19) and/or by the use of phagocytosis (see page 28 and
No. 20 in illustration 103) that which is controllable to a proper extent.
The endobions - Enderlein - are not digestible (These are in the steps
inferior so that from the point of view of pleomorphism their presence
Physiological in the body is permanent. In the case of bacterial structures.
Endobiotic mycologicals do not apply to this thesis. The devouring cells.
reloaded seem to be emptying their contents into the plasma or into the tissues or
they release their deposits in the erythrocytes (ERI) (See 21). This process of
waste is observable with Haefeli's dyes in the dark fields and
clear. The overloaded erythrocytes explode (22) and scatter the endobionts
in the environment or developed forms, staggered in the red cells,
where fungal structures can be imposed.



Double model of defense against endogenous and exogenous aggressors. (n.d.)



A hygiene professor from Hamburg confirmed Bechamp.



Writings of Dumbars from the year 1907.

"In the year 1893 I made observations that approximated the concept that
bacteria are not independent organisms and that especially, in the
circle of their development, belonged to the higher plants." With these
Words began the hygienist Dumbars in 1907 his treatise. Position of
system of bacteria, yeasts, and molds. In this work, the author proposes
his exact investigations in the cells of algae, topic of the then
world of science in those times.



Summary of the global thought of Pleomorphism.

Dunbar's results are valuable to be read, they document
the results of the pleomorphic research from the era of Dumbars to
similar to those of their contemporaries. At the same time, they document the
careful pronouncements within a predominant world science,
oriented towards monomorphism.



New edition by George Meinecke 1981.
In 1981, George Meinecke started a new edition of the studies of
Dumbars from which a drawn representation as a collage is exhibited.
on the margin page. Meinecke classified it more than a document outside of
time that as an example of description about the line and the outlines of
extraordinary results and as an example of patience and care
scientists should still have great significance today.



Critical observations of Dumbars' research results.

In a lengthy preface for the new edition, Meinecke related in the
page 28 critical ideas, reflections on the factors that enable the
transformation of cells, cellular structures (Gordón F. Liadale 1969)
that do not present a cyclical condition. This is highlighted in point 5 of
further down, transformations into specific types during the course of development.

regularly

in very "irregular" transformation forms.

1. Bacteria and other typical microorganisms manage through their
typical functions - the consequent formation of a specific component
stable.

2. This does not contradict the other facts perceived by other specialties.
(that in a development cycle) that they possessed before.

3. New research has undoubtedly proven that bacteria and
other microorganisms can make hereditary changes.

4. This shows the fact of pleomorphic antibiotic induction, the
production of Genoplasts through the effect of enzymes with rare
growth presences in endobiosis that pass their deformations to
the cells of the tissues, generalizing their particles in one sense
functional Genoplasmatics, but also of growth through the
influence of hydrochloric lithium.

5. Se probó como correcto para la interpretación de las funciones
microbial and primary formation processes the premise of a
specificity so that changes can occur through others
participatory effects.

6. As a novelty, the book Dumbar had a significance for the future.



Plants also contain cytobions.

Ciclogeny of a cancer agent: from saprophytes to parasites. (n.d.)

Varieties of microorganisms in the blood of a cancer patient.
Microorganisms from the patient's cultures. (s.i)



Growth periods in the cyclogenesis of the rods: in original text
v. Brehmer.



1-3 Constriction of conidia at the ends of a rod
siphonophore

that after dividing develops in a sporangial phase.

4 With the following narrowing of the extreme core, another is separated
member.

5-12 Development of several members of a siphonospore with a head in the
extreme

(5).

The extreme cores of the rod are divided into two daughter cores.

New shoots begin to germinate at both ends of the stick.

mother. One daughter remains in the mother rod while the second
transforms into a new germination.

The core daughter of the new generation divides into two grains.

The daughter cells narrow without disassembling.

10-11 After a complete narrowing, the repair begins.
daughter cell

from the stem cell.

12Ends a new formation producing three individuals. Often a

Daughter sticks reach the size of the mother. They frequently remain
short. In the unperturbed growths especially in the disks
they follow the same development until they reach the length of the limbs that
they produce several rods

individuals that grow in individual members as it is more
described above.

13-15 Production process of rod branching.

13 After the division, the extreme nuclei of the mother cell are
divide by
two child nuclei that again divide into children that can contribute
new germinations from which two rods are separated
individuals. They are often long rods when the daughter rod is not in the
position that the rods do not find space to push against each other.

14 The lateral separations grow in daughter cells, they narrow and
remain in

union with the stem cell. Such stages of development easily change to

an authentic branching.

15 After a complete narrowing, the daughter cell detaches from
the cell

mother and germinates in subsequent individual rods. The branching is not

authentic as often is with superior mushrooms it is rather a
apparent ramifications as no subsequent growth occurs
spatial dimensions.



The growth process described above of the siphonospora rods is
different, in principle, from that of the multiplication of bacteria in the form of
rods that divide into two equal rods due to narrowing
Individual parts by rule are of equal length.

Consequently, with the germinations of the daughters at both ends of
the mother rods have linear growth of the rods of
siphonophore in a spatial dimension.



V.Brehmer's Document of intensive research work: The Kaleidoscope
morphological of the siphonospora Poliforma. (s.i)

Many researchers seek similarities or equalities; they reinforce the
Pleomorphism. (s.i)

Pleomorphic changes are pH-dependent. (s.i)

Pleomorphic diagnosis – Dedicated study of structures; a synopsis
for the visual instruction. (s.i)

Grainy rings, sparkling rings, tubular forms pseudopods,
steps (v. Neergaard, 1933). (s.i)

Microphotograph of a blood preparation according to Neeryaard 1938. (s.i)

Koch saw movable granules that "fixed" in bacteria.

(von. Neeryaard, 1933). (s.i)
Pleomorphistic diagnosis - Achieved by a fortunate good
observation. (s.i)

Pleomorphism as observed by Nebel and Naessens and

how they proved to document it. (s.i)

In the search for the cancer agent, he also found Nebel processes.
cyclical.

Studies without interruption between 1912 and 1932 (E. Frankfurter 1932). (n.p)

Studies of malignant processes. Jacob Engels' cycles in the year 1938. (n.p.)

Engravings of Boesflugs on 'the development of Endogenous flora': From
granules to fungi. (s.i)

Boesflug endeavored to understand the dependence between biochemistry and
microbiology

Fragments in the original study protocol of Boesflug:

Relationship between pH value and growth forms. (s.i)

Boesflug panorama of his conceptions and the endobiotic nomenclature. (n.d)

Alfonso Weber - 'Ca. Protozoa with a complex life cycle'. (n.d.)



Investigations in Erding.

Many years ago, Alfonso Weber published his studies on blood and
the tissues of cancer patients. I classify them as 'Ca. Protozoa',
microbes that bore a resemblance to the complicated development of the cycle
from malaria (page 73, illustration 87). In condescension with Enderlein,
described the parasites of the erythrocytes in which they multiplied. Here
There were forms that Weber, in his mature form, classified as 'ossuaries'.



Perturbation of the metaphase.

In adult immunodeficiency, can the oocytes attack the cells?
of the body and trigger tumors. During the virulence of the 'Ca.
Protozoa for the subsistence of the protozoan population are presented
physiological actions of vital importance (reaction) and it is the action
carcinomatous to treatment, reproduction, and food intake.
Weber also proposed that through this proto-infection one achieves a
disorder. This disorder is a signal that draws attention to the
general tissue infection.
Gerlach's Ciclogenesis: Mandatory parasitic fungi through the
Microsoma blastogenes (1948).



Publications between 1937 and 1975.

The pathologist, microbiologist, and hygienist Franz Gerlach, Professor of
Veterinary medicine in Vienna belongs to the ranks of the deserving researchers.
of Pleomorphism. He dealt for many years with the issues of the
epidemics. In his work "Cancer and Obligated Parasitic Fungi", Vienna, 1948,
describe Gerlach how he observed fungi in malignant tumors. He called it
these microorganisms "Microsymas blastógenos". Subsequently classified
a group between viruses and bacteria as similar organisms to the
pleuropneumonia-like organisms (PPLO) and in the 1950s they were classified as mycoplasmas.




Long years at the Issels Clinic.

From 1958 to 1973, Gerlach directed the microbiology laboratory in this.
famous clinic. The abundance of clients who suffered from cancer gave the
posibilidad a Gerlach de explicar los procesos cancerosos. Entre una
infinity of experiments with carcinomatous tissues from animals in the
ascites cultivated from cancer patients who were injected into
animals to provoke malignomas and thus investigate them. With this, it was possible to
check that the 'cancer agents' are independent of their tumors
of origin and can be induced in various ways. Gerlach's studies
They appear as impeccable scientific works.



Stages of Gerlach in microbial development (1948). (n.p.)



Explanatory text by Gerlach:

This scheme shows the development of specific microorganisms
a carcinoma and a sarcoma, presenting their massive succession:

Granular forms of elemental types of viruses.

2. Spheroids.

3. Germination of the spheroid at one, two, or several poles.

3-a. Ring formation.

4. The spheroid and the germ have moved away from each other, depending on a fine
the germ turns into a small ball (type of corpuscles)
real elementary) free and complete the process of their form of development
that follows the path of partition.



5. The threads that germinate from the spheres are lengthening.

6. The spheroids and the germinations of threads move away from each other, the strands
dividend.

7. The threads and their multiplications begin to condense the plasma with
countless little balls.

8. The threads break down into segments and granules, which upon release
they continue to turn into small particles like corpuscles
viral elementals.



Cyclical phylogenetic studies by Haefeli (1987), representation that is paired with
Anterior pleomorphism, including its own and new observations. (n.d.)

The genetic unit of Pleomorphism: microorganisms necessary in
Blood: Protista (virus) -bacteria- Fungi.” (n.d)



III. Diagnosis A

Introduction - General instructions.

A glimpse at the blood but with a complete idea!



Pleomorphism in the field of dualistic conception.



Conceptual definition of 'Dualism'.

(Dual from Latin, duo = two, a dual formation)

Dualism is originally the condition of those philosophical 'systems.'
what they base


In the principle of duality of all forms of being. Dualism is the
theory of a

double and contrary principle (God - world; spirit - matter; soul - body).
The

dualistic thought seeks to describe and investigate the relationship of this
principle. In the
In the history of religions, we find the guide of dualistic thought.
in their

philosophies: in China the Yin and Yang, in the Orphic-Gnostic the body model
soul

en el dualismo maniqueista luz-tinieblas, la idea de dos principios en los
parsis in the

sense matter, good-evil.



The wave-particle dualism.

There is also the criterion of bilaterality in physics. It is based on the
multiple

experiments that prove the fact that atomic shapes
subatomic like the

Electrons and photons exhibit a wave-particle relationship.



The dualistic idea does not mean 'separation'.

In geometry, based on the axiomatic systems, there exists the dual idea of
the line and

the point. However, one can conceptualize both in their
corresponding formal positional relationship, change them and extract one
true declaration

(individual as well).



A new (perspective in the dual relationship?).

In the search for the causality of being, man finds the
contradictory and

unsustainable principle of the 'primary cause', this primary cause describes
in a way

transcendental the force of God. Realism speaks in parentheses of a
principle

energetic”, a force originating driven by God, etc. The research
human, the

human thought can revert to a chain of causes
only until
certain point. If there is an original force, a force that unites, contains
guide

it modifies everything that exists - she is equal to the destiny in the tropic of the cosmos,
a condition

final sin 'eternal order' responsible for all 'that exists' manifesting
according to your


will in the form of Yin and Yang, the substantial, the immaterial and the cause
original

it embodies the dualistic principle, it is duality itself. It belongs to the
experience

practice of the life of every man placed in the tense field of
dualism for

to live and having to live. Such concepts have for daily life and with
hello for

the problems of achieving an elementary meaning.



Without a dual precedent, the healing remains incomplete.

If man wants to regard the primary cause as 'principle'
energy drink"

presents the possibility of being able to position it in the target world as a
form of

energy of matter or as a form of non-material energy, that in
certain limits

would allow themselves to be diagnosed accordingly. In other words, a doctor in their
work

With a patient, one must orient oneself dualistically. This applies in the
sense of what

the efforts of medicine must employ a dual approach to
understand the being

human as both material and immaterial, as radiation humans

energy, aura, psyche, soul as well as a system of organs,
cells

connective tissues and chemical substances (see illustration on the right page).
Yin y
Yang, destruction and construction, synthesis and analysis, would be without the
dual formulation

contradictorios e incomprensibles. Evidentemente signiﬁca una apreciación
intensive

from the condition of being (see p. 36) homeostasis what is worth knowing and
treat in the

the field of psychology the regulation of health oscillations.



The duality of being will be more considered.



The idea of a complete diagnosis is announced today.



The path of a new medicine?

Individuals in modern industrial society return time and time again to
one

disappointing localist orientation of the medical apparatus that no longer supports.
They begin

for frequently criticizing this type of medicine. Healers, centers
spiritual

healers or workers in the biological specialty, experience a

concurrency like never seen before. The central idea as the bearer of the

healing adapts excellently to the universal conception of
pleomorphism

microrganic.



Diagnosis with a total vision.

The pleomorphic diagnosis remains unilateral and therefore imperfect if
it is not


physiological, pathogenetic as well as pathological dependent as considered by the
point

from a total health perspective.
The blood is also for the medical school not simply a limited
organ

"liquid" appears largely as a bearer of information and with this
how

a diagnostic tool for countless physiological and pathological processes
del

body.



Pleomorphic diagnosis on more solid bases.

The total examination of a patient is expensive, it uses the highest
technique of the

anamnesia, 'a diagnosis of every corner' in the sense of a complete

complete investigation of the body examining the most minute details
corners. A total

exploration also establishes today different pathways that present
specific issues

about which the patient often expresses their dissatisfaction. The
experience sample

that the different basic questions of a doctor are important. From
here they are worth


the interrogation with different documentation objectives to establish

subsequently the costs. They legitimize the achievement of different
processes of

diagnostics.



Advantages of the time invested.

The expenditure on research for chronic diseases in patients
multimorbid is

high, but in any case it is recoverable. That's how it is in the relationship with the patient.
in which the

the process is calm, it saves energy loss on the part of the therapist
due to the

stress. Next to a necessarily limited improvement at the beginning
for
to incorporate it into the therapeutic process, this method, as is known, proves to be valuable.




Utilize all the possibilities of information.

There is an abundance of diagnostic tools and methods with which the
therapists

they seek to 'look inside the body' that the expansion of life seems
reach the

specialists to experiment with all these possibilities. This and more
after the

results obtained over 20 years have brought a correct transfer
of the

knowledge of the ancient medicine of the Far East to Western Europe and
to States

United. Only with the ancient knowledge about meridians, points of
acupuncture

energy channels, dermatomes, projection field, etc. - can one
acquire

depth - of the lessons of life. To the concept of an education
modern of the

natural medicine belongs, according to the author's opinion, not only to the use
of the

possibilities of blood information through a fundamental use
of

comprehensive microscopic methods for analyzing in vivo, as well as

prepared in vitro: here the diagnosis plays an important role
of the field

dark in relation to the opinion on color preparations in view of the

medical prevention as well as for therapeutic indications
they can

control successes and failures.



Use all the possibilities – the repertoire will never be sufficient
broad. Knowing what and when.
A pleomorphic sample not only under the microscope.



Diagnosis, a broad spectrum:

Anamnesia.

It includes both exogenous and endogenous factors, congenital and acquired.

psychic, social, biographical and professional. Diagnoses already ordered
existing and

therapeutic failures, measures, eventual anamnesis and surrounding personnel.



Physical examination.

Complete body checkup. Use of all
knowledge of the

superficial diagnosis: dermatomes; diagnosis of the area of the skull;
diagnosis of

reflexes, dermography, iris diagnosis.



Bioenergetic research.

Electro acupuncture, auriculotherapy, electroencephalogram, cardiogram,
myogram

bioresonance methods.



Scopies, Punctures.

Endoscopy, puncture of different cavities and circulatory pathways, tests of
biopsies.



Laboratory Exams.

Blood, urine, feces, immune status, minerals, vitamins.



Blood diagnosis using a microscope.

Dark field microscope, phase contrast microscope,
differential interference microscope...

Coloring methods.

The pleomorphic diagnosis primarily based on the analysis

cellular and plasmatic morphology.



Blood diagnosis - a broad field.

Blood is a very special juice. The idea that blood is a key
important

to assess the conditions of the body, it is old. The modern diagnosis of
the blood,

it encompasses a complicated number of methods for the same specialists.
(illustration

143). Hematological subdisciplines have existed for a long time:
grassroots specialists,

cytodiagnostic specialists, semiological study of the blood, etc.



Los exteriores brindan un cuadro especial.

K. H Blank (1991) reported under the theme of auroscopy: The principle of

diagnosis of the auroscopy uses information from blood quality in
a

way in which all structural elements correspond to the formation
anatomical

considering the information reflectively. In correspondence to
principle

holographic that the set of all stored information is found
in the

smallest elements of the body. Therefore the information about the
condition

the energetic and morphological aspects of a disease are contained in the quantity
more

little of blood.
The analysis of blood crystals helps with diagnosis.

Interesting phenomena around new knowledge of Haefelis at
analyze

detailed the phenomenon of blood crystallization. Also the
exams

from Enderlein in the dark field, as well as the staining methods
analytics according to


v. Brehmer or according to Haefeli regularly find manifestations in the
scope of

crystallization or pseudocrystallization to order. Enderlein had
employee

time to study the discoveries of morphological crystallization in
prepared

living while experimenting with high protistic solutions
percentage and for

this pathway enables the establishment of regulated measures of the
formations

microorganisms that can be discovered in the field of probenogeny.

Spagyuker focused on crystalline formation.

By modifying U. J. Heinz's old spagyrical method of blood diagnosis
(see

fundamental works 'Spagrk – Alternative medicine', Bauer Verlag
1985) USA

the blood - as described in auroroscopy - as a bearer of
information. The

blood - it is said - invades 72% of the body. In the blood appears all the
information

chemistry, physics, and reactive substances that are stored and flow from the tissues.


Other details of the importance of this phenomenon were discussed on pages
450-456

because also in the framework of pleomorphic blood diagnosis -
mycological the

evidence of pseudo crystals as fungal formations have a
important
two child nuclei that again divide into children that can contribute
new germinations from which two rods are separated
individuals. They are often long rods when the daughter rod is not in the
position that the rods do not find space to push against each other.

14 The lateral separations grow in daughter cells, they narrow and
remain in

union with the stem cell. Such stages of development easily change to

an authentic branching.

15 After a complete narrowing, the daughter cell detaches from
the cell

mother and germinates in subsequent individual rods. The branching is not

authentic as often is with superior mushrooms it is rather a
apparent ramifications as no subsequent growth occurs
spatial dimensions.



The growth process described above of the siphonospora rods is
different, in principle, from that of the multiplication of bacteria in the form of
rods that divide into two equal rods due to narrowing
Individual parts by rule are of equal length.

Consequently, with the germinations of the daughters at both ends of
the mother rods have linear growth of the rods of
siphonophore in a spatial dimension.



V.Brehmer's Document of intensive research work: The Kaleidoscope
morphological of the siphonospora Poliforma. (s.i)

Many researchers seek similarities or equalities; they reinforce the
Pleomorphism. (s.i)

Pleomorphic changes are pH-dependent. (s.i)

Pleomorphic diagnosis – Dedicated study of structures; a synopsis
for the visual instruction. (s.i)

Grainy rings, sparkling rings, tubular forms pseudopods,
steps (v. Neergaard, 1933). (s.i)

Microphotograph of a blood preparation according to Neeryaard 1938. (s.i)

Koch saw movable granules that "fixed" in bacteria.

(von. Neeryaard, 1933). (s.i)
Surprisingly, this theory was upheld until the mid-19th century.
until

the ecclesiastic Lazzaro Spallanzani (1729-1799) finally appeared,
ancestor

from the French chemist Louis Pasteur, whose viewpoint refuted the
generation

spontaneous.



A series of discoveries of microorganisms.

In the 19th century, headlines began to point to an explosion in the
research

microbiological that links a delicate constant microscopic technique
primitive

look deeper into the microflora and microfauna. In the midst of
he is agitated

microbiological investigative awakening (table 8) was also sought
pleomorphism

of agents of diseases and cancerous tumors, from where it
they employed everyone


the equipment: with the microscope being an indispensable instrument for
a new

dimension in natural observation. Who then and today works on the
diagnosis of the

blood has to use its own microscope.



Tab. 8: Example of some diseases, whose agents were
discovered between 1876 and 1906.

Anthrax 1876

Gonorrhea 1879

Typhus 1880/84

Tuberculosis 1882

Erysipelas 1882/83

Diphtheria 1884
Cholera 1883

Tetanus 1884

After 1894

Actinomycosis 1891

Gas fire 1892

Syphilis 1905

Whooping cough 1906



Tool for all pleomorphic diagnosis: The microscope. (n.d.)

The trick of proper lighting.



Microscopy.

Microscopy: It is the observation of objects with the help of an appropriate

appropriate microscope, with which the eye sees the visual angle enlarged
object

focused, as seen in the conventional method.

Microscope: Two optical systems, namely: the objective and the eyepiece, a
system of

lighting that supports the mechanical part and directs the optical part.

Illuminated field: The lighting affects the target, the object is shown
dark

in a lit background.



Dark field.

Here the object is penetrated by oblique light only in the circular light range.
lateral (the

object appears clear on the dark background (Lenk, Gellert, special lexicon of
physics, 1974).



Transverse light microscope.
The object is illuminated across, the beam of light is in front of the
observer. This procedure is used in dark fields as well
clear.



Fluorescent microscope.

Form of the opaque microscope with ultraviolet lighting to make visible
the corresponding object marked with fluorescent substances.

The fluorescence microscope only allows ultraviolet rays to pass, so that
the selected colored substance illuminates on light and dark backgrounds.

Phase contrast microscope.

In which the eye makes visible the changes in intensity of the object by the
phase changes of the object.



Interference microscope.

A combination of interferometer and microscope for the magnification of the
capture of the object shines (rosadina) appearing recharged.
Investigating bulging, fractured, and flat surface objects. With the
new procedures (Polansky: multiple reflections with mirrors of
surface (including few Angstrom categories (1 angstrom = one ten
thousandth of a millimeter) measurable.




Polarizing microscope.

Microscope for examining anisotropic materials. Transverse light with
help from

linear polarizing light, below the light device there is a Nicol prism
(filter of

polarization) indicated, the one that produces polarized light. In the tube are found
two

nikol prisms as analyzers.



Correct taking and placement of the drop. Microscope in dark field.



In the dark field condenser, put a few drops of oil.

The capacitor must be installed with the positive terminal facing up.
Add a drop of special oil to the preparer to achieve the
sandwich effect

Fix the preparation to the slide (focus to tenths) is placed the
stratum, what serves to give a first look at the preparation. In the middle, if
It is properly placed; a dark point is visible that serves as a point.
for reference that it is correctly centered. Also at this point
Red blood cells appear as small discs. Fine-tuning the microscope.
until these erythrocytes are seen diaphanously.

By optically locating the target, it changes to (hundredths=target) at
to produce the optical effect, it must be tilted a few millimeters towards the
field.

The best lighting is revealed by practicing while guiding the condenser.
minimum upwards or downwards.

Evaluation of the preparation according to Prof. Enderlein / v. Brehmer.




Kurt Olbrich produced a new dimension of the microscope.



More places to discover!

Advantages of the Ergonon over other traditional tip microscopes:

Easy handling, no difference compared to the usual microscopes.
tip.

Possibility of high-performance observation without vaporization.

Lightness in the monochromatic placement.

Very high resolution value (below 250 nm). It is possible to

magnification >30,000: 1. No chromatic spherical aberration.

Despite this expansion, the observations of animated objects are,
possible both live and on video.

Variable depth sharpness. With this, you can reach a space of
deeply enormous action. (Illustration 153).

• It preserves the fine nuances, without coloring. This documents the
investigation in its original quality.

• Lighting system with bright light implying normal light. The rise of
the temperature despite the strength of the light only reaches 5°C above the
ambient temperature.
Switches the speed segments of the normal microscopic technique to the
ergonomic technique. With this, fully utilize the most processes
little ones that the researcher uses.

Possibility of eliminating the monochromatism of traditional preparations
through special contrast processes.



Documentation of the problem-solving capacity of the Ergonm 400. (s.i)

Now structures are known that the light microscope never saw before.
(s.i)



Also in the USA high-performance microscope: Bradford BVPM System.



Bradford System - Variable Projection Medical Microscope.

For years, news about a microscope has been arriving in increasing numbers.
high performance in the Atlantic. In Chula Vista, the has been established
Bradford Research Institute.

Among others, they are carried out based on the development of the technique.
microscopic Bradfords intense blood diagnostics.



Catalog of the performance faculty.

With a magnification capacity between 40 and 15000:1, dark field,
phase contrast, 150 watt cold light, polarized light, interference
differential, dense filters, diverse objectives, monitor, video printer and
color video recorder VHS provides Bradford in LBA (=Analysis of
live blood: blood analysis) notable diagnostic possibilities.
In addition, it includes traditional parameters (with a status
updated nutritional) control over the existence and activity of the
blood parasites (mycoplasma and other pleomorphic structures) in front of
all tests of candida species in the blood. Bradford test
be a pioneering director with your school (fig. 1436-1437 Page 476, “Bugs
Candids



With the BVPM, you can see better in the structures of life.



Gaston Naesen - With his own team, he tracks the secrets of blood.
The discoverer of the somatide.

In his young years as the son of a well-off family from Lille.
(France) was fascinated by the 'inventions'. During the war, he finished the
studies of the specialties of physics, chemistry, and biology with success (1945).
He later focused on issues of immunology and oncology.
In the context of their efforts for a better diagnosis of the possibilities
The blood score discovers endobionts that are like 'Somatides'
I point out. After many years of studies, just as they had done before.
that other researchers propose: that endobionts go through cycles of
development. (P.105).



The somatoscope opened fantastic possibilities.

Since his youth, Naessens was dissatisfied with the techniques.
traditional microscopic. Following among others the cancer agent saw
the possibility of building a huge microscope to enhance capacity
of resolution that reached 150 angstroms = (1 angstrom 10 million of
In this way, I could discover in the blood of people,
animals, but also in the fluids of tiny and polymorphous plants
particles and their propagation. Similar particles may appear in
a living organism in 3 forms. As somatids, as spores, and as
double spores (microcysts).



Somatides are "energy condensers."

Naessen and his collaborators are convinced that somatides are
forms of "concrete energy" that have genetic nature that is
transmitted to living organisms. These energy condensers
They show a positive nucleus and its membrane is negatively charged.
The somatids propel themselves automatically against each other.




Waves, bubbles, hoses. Signs of microbial life in the blood.

Somatides withstand high temperatures, radiations without detriment.
5000 RAM just like corrosive acid actions. In each organ it
specific somatides are found. They can be present in both the blood and
in the lymph fluids. They are everywhere, are cultivable and reach
a length of 0.1 nanometer.



Microcycles are influenced by hormones.
Naessen is of the opinion that the microcycle in the blood described by him is
regulated by the inhibitory hormonal substances of Chalone are worth as
inhibitory substances of Chalone mitosis and may have a texture of
specific actions (although not of a specific type). When an organ
when it reaches its appropriate size, the Chalone stops the cell partitioning
ultraviolet. Meanwhile, the Chalone stops purely isolated appears as
white corpuscles. This is about peptides with their amino acids
(Kanlson 1984).



Cycles of somatids.

The cycle of somatids described by Naessen originates from somatids in
spore forms, bacterial rods, yeast shapes braids of
mushrooms, up to a total of 16 stadium courses. As others have written
authors these steps of evolution depend on the mileun. interesting is the
observation that these structures can become 'shapes
"resistant". They form as cylinders, balls, nails and cannot be
differentiate with a traditional microscope from small lymphocytes. The
Types of yeasts have a size of 4-5 nanometers. In total
allows to observe - according to Naessen the multitude of microbial structures
polymorphs to a level that research better understands the cyclogenesis of
the somatids.



Discovery of fine structures with the 'Somatoscope'.

Double spores in a magnification format of 30000:1.

Ascospores – stage 13 of the ciclogenesis according to Naessen.

Blood tests that the average theory tests and needs to investigate
more.

The idea of a man – a rustic factory in the world. (G. Grunwand)
1942).

Kurt Olbrich creates an interdisciplinary foundation in Hilters Klinger.

Looking is your trademark - and the same in a double sense. Kurt Olbrich
not only did he trust in his interdisciplinary research institute
basic in the rural locality of Mosautaler, Hilters Klinger, but
also in their optical equipment. As an essential means of assistance, they used a
special microscope that also emerged from his imagination.

The Ergonón 400, as Olbrich also calls the equipment, exceeds the increase.
of traditional light microscopes, according to the representatives of
inventor without fractioning what makes the most powerful microscopes
electronics. The Olbrich team shows in this way the possibility of
observe living objects - up to 35,000 times increase with a high
resolution and discrete depth acuity.

It is true that the specialized technique had considered this combination.
as impossible. As he has continuously demonstrated in practice, he
reservs the right to keep the secret. Even the optical industry does not
He has authorized its construction, as he fears being defeated.

Therefore, there are five Ergonom 400 manufactured by Olbrich itself. With
this when someone resorts to it has to count on the demands of the
Technique to receive his blessing. Olbrich is an efficient director.
investigate with the support of some of its educated collaborators and the
daughter-in-law, for scientific institutes and prestigious companies of
different branches of metal up to the artificial industry, reaching up to the
pharmaceutical and medicine. Yael Institute of Hiltersklinge has been seen
immersed in AIDS and cancer research.

The advice that the consortia led by their search for in Hiltersklinge
high-cost development teams have little to do with the
microscopes installed there. "Most of the departments of
researchers only think in their specific specialties. What they lack
it is the flexibility towards other disciplines" says Kurt Olbrich. He takes this
requirement for mobility for oneself.

Its spectrum of services begins with an analysis of the deficiencies that
they later include an optimization, also covering the
development of new products. Thus, they march together in their Institute.
interdisciplinary the spheres of research, development, and testing of
news from other branches such as those related to anticipatory market calculations,
along with any possible changes to it. In this way, it maintains the
desert-like gaps of a year in the world patent.

You should not say that this cannot be done. You just have to say
I still can't.
Olbrich but also with the profession of his career, a career that
currently only seen: started as a young distributor in the country of
student, learning modeling and tool construction,
achieving mastery at just 23 years old. With this qualification, he rose to the
artificial materials technique, which was just beginning at that time.



Independent from one day to the next.

His work in the rapid development of these materials provided him
a training at the Hoechst firm. For 20 years I worked well for the
the Hoechst firm and the research departments move to another firm,
where he also meets Erbach and in 1972, one night he achieves the
independence.
So he used the relationships he had cultivated, using up to five.
collaborated. By improving everything, he found no suitable competitor anymore.
“Uno no puede tomar a cualquiera”, dijo Olbrich que desde 1983 trabaja de
Hiltersklinge having extended the name of the locality Mosautaler not
not only in Europe but also in the rest of the world, although in the
proximities should not be known for your work.




Documentation of the performance capacity of the Ergonom 400. (n.a.)

The structures are recognizable, unlike anything seen before in a microscope.
luminary



Also in the United States a high-performance microscope: the
Bradford system BVPM.



With the BVPM, the microscopic structures of life are better observed.



Gaston Naessens – with his team following the mysterious traces of blood.



Keys, ampoules, sticks... signs of microbial life in the blood.



Discovery of delicate structures with the 'Somatoscope'. (n.d.)

Double spores with a magnification format of 30000:1. (s.i)

Ascospores – Stage l3 of the Ciclogeny according to Naessens. (n.d.)

Blood tests, tested by medicine and other researchers.
(s.i)



To begin, optimally prepare the exam material.



A correct placement of the sample, drying and coloring. (s.i)

Large processes observed. (s.i)

Large processes "of the micro-organic world. (n.d)
Erythrocyte and erythrocytes "growth" in comparison with the values of
microbiological measurement. (n/a)




Comparisons through precise calculations.

Example of table 194

Pregunta: ¿Cuan ancho es el hongo de la exposición?

Procedure:

Measure the width in mm.

2. Measure it in the divisions of the scale (here in manometers).

Calculation:

Tamaño real = el ancho de la exposición (5mm) por los datos de la escala
(50μm) between the measurement on the scale in mm (20 mm).

Actual size = 5mm x 50µm divided by 20mm = 12.5µm.

Response:

The width naturally reaches 12.5 µm.

Example of frame 195.

Question.

How long are the little sticks between the red blood cells?

As in fig. 194. The diameter of a known object in this case the
Erythrocytes (in nature they measure 7μm) serve as a standard in this case.

Measure the length of the sticks in mm.

2. Measure the diameter of the erythrocyte of the exposure.

Calculation.

Real length of the sticks = Length of the sticks in fig. (10mm)x
the scale data (it is known that the diameter of erythrocytes is 7
nanometer) divided by the scale division in mm (erythrocytes 21mm).

Answer:

Actual length = 10mm x 7µm divided by 21mm = 3.333… true length
of the sticks = 3.3μm.

Example fig. 196.

How long is the thread of blood?
Procedure:

Measure the length of the exposure in mm.

Calculation.

Length in mm (30) between the measurement pattern (3000:1).

Response:

True length of the thread = 30mm divided by 3000 = 0.01µm = 10µm.



Example of a conversion: What is the actual size of certain
components. (n.a.)

Calculation:

For the calculation, there are three parameters (tab 9, from three fields to the left.
El calculo se logra como en los ejemplos (Pág 147) de la pág anterior.



Sporas Scale

Rule at the photo level in mm. Scale

Rule at the object level in nanometers. Size of the object at the photo level.
Actual size of the object in natural

enμm

Measurement of the intake*


28 50 3 5 560:1



Width

Of

Rule stick at photo level in mm Scale

Rule at the object levelObject size at the photo level.Actual size of
natural object

Enμm

Measurement of the intake*


28 50 5 9 560:1
The measurement pattern encompasses in total: the achieved expansion
through the selection of the objective and the eyepiece along with the magnification effect
what is produced in a photograph.

Not all revealed yet.

Calculations:



Diameter of Conidia

Escala a nivel de foto en mm Escala a nivel de objeto en nanómetroTamaño
from the object to frame level in mmActual size of the object in natural in
nanometer

As a pattern the square *

22 20 5 5 1100:0



Width of Mycelia Scale at photo level in mm. Scale at object level in
nanómetroTamaño del objeto a nivel de cuadro en mm.Tamaño del objeto
in natural in nanometers. Pattern in the square*

25 50 2 4 500:1



The measurement pattern includes: The enlargement achieved on the object
chosen and the eyepiece plus the magnification effect produced by a photograph.



PARA COMENZAR, TENER PREPARADOS OPTIMAMENTE TODOS MATERIALES
FROM THE RESEARCH.



Technique for placing the blood sample.



General observations.



For the fine differential observation, both of the blood cells as
of plasma using the Haefeli I and Haefeli II method, is of particular
importance of an optimal sample spread. Only a thin film
ensures the possibility of achieving optimal results.
The necessary materials:

Ether, scalpel, cotton, glue, various containers.



Preparation:



The slide must be thoroughly cleaned of fats with
Ether/Alcohol. The patient's fingertip must be clean using
for this a disinfectant medium.

With the slide well cleaned, it should be firmly placed on a
support.

Extract a drop of blood from the fingertip of the patient using the lancet.
ATTENTION: The drop should not be too large, as the extension of the
the sample would be very thick.




The sample. (Fig. l87)



1.- Take a drop of the blood that was produced by the prick with the slide.
libre de grasa. Colocar el porta objeto con la sangre en una base sólida.

2.- The sample on the glass is placed at an angle of 40-45°, making it
run to the right until the drop stabilizes. The more
the smaller the angle, the finer the extension.

The drop will spread according to the degree of inclination of the glass.
WARNING: The sample must be prevented from touching the edges of the glass, as
the cells could be damaged.

4.- The deposited drop will be spread from right to left to extend it.
The preparation will be ready when the sample reaches the other end, but without
reach the edge of the slide.



Air drying.

Blood samples for traditional diagnoses (May-
Grundwald-Coloreado), as well as the Brehmer coloring, must be dried.
for 24 hours at room temperature. Then the work will come
posterior (see specialized laboratory literature in the appendix. (Page.
53-539)
The Haefeli I method requires 48 hours of drying. The preparation for the
Haefeli II method will be ready with its color after 10 minutes, while
Exactly 7 drops of the solution of the preparation are applied.



Important indication: The extended sample should not be touched with fingers.



II SENDING OF THE SAMPLE.



In the event that the sample cannot be analyzed in the laboratory itself, it ...
They should make the contacts to request it from another appropriate laboratory. More
from an Institute has special departments to attend to the
shipments.



CORRECT EXTENDED, DRIED AND COLORED.



Pleomorphic blood diagnosis.



Haefeli–I



(Erimétodo since 1969)

For details see (Page 380)

Diagnosis through contrast - interference - differential process.



Haefeli II



(Coloring method)

Ideal complement for dark field exploration, encompasses the
morphological phenomena that escape the dark field. Let it be exposed
also culminants of fungi.



Colored according to v. Brehmer.
Particularly well captures the intracellular attacks of the
endobionts.



Color preparation according to Papanicolaou. Etc.

(blood differentiation chart)

From the pleomorphic point of view, it is little informative.



Neither long nor equal mysteries.

The 'sanguinogram' of Olbrich: Example of a measurement test
standard method.(s.i)

Cancer agents: that can be seen and measured: original representations
from Olbrich. (s.i)

Erythrocytes are attacked for "food".

Cancer parasites grow in fungal mycelia.

Formal elements of orthodox microbiology: sticks, balls, hoses,
ramifications and many more. (s.i)

Formal elements of pleomorphism: fine nets, threads, harps, and shapes of
primitive cells. (s.i)

The networks of chondrites are formed mainly: both intra and also
extracellularly. (s.i)

Networks that adorn cells and other structures: the dendroid chondrites
they can cover the visual field. (s.i)

On the path of coconuts, sticks, and ascites. (s.i)

Not every clod constitutes a seed: The trofosomas are

they consider in many cases the same constructions. (s.i)

Also the "primitive grains" form gigantic structures: the
ascending cyclogenic development makes it possible. (s.i)

A first panoramic view of erythrocyte examinations. (s.i)

Enderlein's 'micasicita': threads of fungi, threads of hoses-
climactic of the probaenogeny. (s.i)

Haefeli's studies in his sketchbook (1965-1971). (n.d.)
Sketches and notes by Haefeli during his communication with Enderlein.
(1965-1967): "There was much to learn." (n.d)



IV. Diagnosis B.

Pathomorphology: Summary.

Summary and evidence of a fundamental catalog in the presented literature,
description of morphological examinations.



After research techniques, different pathologies in the
erythrocytes (s.i)

Erythrocytes exhibit a huge number of pathological shapes and structures.
(s.i)



The pathological attacks on erythrocytes lead to various changes in the
shape and structure of erythrocytes.

Exams must have a total meaning regarding the diagnosis.

Vacuoles are often the first indications of damage.

Especially impressive: tubular sticks are shown live in
online video. (s.i)

Chains. Networks, shrubs and other growths in red blood cells. (s.i)

In the end, there is total destruction of the erythrocytes.

Laboratory studies on the destruction of erythrocytes by the effect of
the endobionts. (s.i)

Neither the 'whites' are forgiven. The endobiones attack all (!) the
cells of the body. (Enderlein). (n.d)

Panorama of a process of leukocyte disintegration due to the
endobiotic aggression to cellular integrity.

All leukemic cases show impressive results.

The pathology of platelets: pleomorphism is also shown here.
(s.i)

Plasma tests - a wide field of possibilities
pathomorphological.(s.i)
Amorphous and/or deformed elements: reflections on the diagnosis
differentials are questioned. (s.i)

All the developmental stages of the endobionts of Enderlein are
they are also found in plasma. (i.e.)

Pseudo monstrous espermitos, simple techitas, cellular forms
primordial - it is possible to have a whole jumble of alliances.

Developmental cycles from primary cells to rods. (s.i)

Ciclo stages of the sticks - a topic for the experienced eye.

The agglutinating forces can be studied under different processes.
investigative.

Panorama of the ascending cyclogenic development of the agent of the
tuberculosis.

Pleomorphic research of Tbc- from gonidia to mycelia. (s.i)

Colloidal albumin: after the designation and formation of the milieu, they construct
multiple structures.(s.i)

Abundance of forms: singular basic models can be
exploited in the differential diagnosis. (s.i)

Morphological comparison studies help to categorize shapes.
principals. (s.i)

The simplasts are the largest formations of colloidal organization.

Written by Dr. Jorge Barros in: Dark Field Microscopy and Medicine
Biological., Dark Field Microscopy. Dumrese Manual |

May

11

2011

-

Dark Field Microscopy and Biological Medicine.



Dark Field Microscopy Madrid.



Dark Field Microscopy and Biological Medicine. Blood analysis in
live.
by Allan Norman




If a small drop of blood is taken from a finger and placed in a
the slides under the dark field microscope can show the patterns
in living blood. In standard microscopy, the light shines directly at
through the sample contrasting with the light field of the background. Without
embargo, cannot observe in vivo material in this way. Because
the sample must be thin to be observed, it is also practically
transparent. Therefore, we have to stain it to see it, and to make
this generally has to kill the sample. This staining process
they have become very sophisticated. There are hundreds of histological stains and
hundreds of questions you can ask about your sample with the
stains.




Red blood cells as seen in dark field



.

With dark field microscopy, however, the procedure is
fundamentally different. Light does not travel directly through the
instead, it comes from the sides and the only light that is reflected in the
sample is seen and seen against a dark background, therefore 'microscope of
"dark field." In this way, a very contrasted image is obtained and
there is no need to use a stain. Therefore, you can see materials
alive.

Practitioners of live blood analysis claim that they can detect
cancer and other "degenerative diseases of the immune system" until
two years earlier than they could be detectable. Some doctors say
what parasites can see. Almost all those who live the studies of
Blood in detail comes with its own story.



In Quebec, the scientist Gastón Naessens is a controversial figure who invented
a microscope with a notable UV light source complex. He called it a
somatoscope and with it he was able to examine the material seen in 30
sometimes the resolution available with conventional microscopes. This gives you
led to the discovery of what he calls "somatids". Somatid means
"small bodies". According to somatids, Naessens are found in all the
living creatures. In a healthy organism, a somatid has a simple cycle
of a three-stage life (somatid, spores, spores and double). In this
"Microcycle" somatids are symbiotic: they perform essential functions in
la regulación de la división celular.

However, when we are sick, somatids elaborated in a
complex stage of sixteen 'macrocycle'. The somatids of the macrocycle are
similar to bacteria and fungi. This change of shape is an example of
what is called 'polymorphism'. Gaston Naessens' theory says that
we see the macrocycle of poor health or with imminent disease. Also
it is claimed that with the darkfield microscope we can see the pattern of the
blood disease up to two years before an illness (for
for example, cancer) manifests itself. The somatid cycle (discovered by Naessens
with the somatoscope) can be observed and monitored with microscopy
of dark field. We can use this to alert to the problems
incipient, or to monitor a patient's response to treatments,
both orthodox and alternative therapies.



A second approach for the direct blood analysis has been gathered from
various sources by Prof. Lida Mattman from the State University of
Wayne and his colleague, Dr. Phil Hockstra. Microorganisms, facing the challenge,
covered their cell walls. Although this makes it less virulent, it does not
it also makes them less vulnerable. Throwing their wall that they lose the
most of the markers that identify them as foreign bodies to
our immune system. They can also change their shape - this
simple change of shape is also called pleomorphism - and all this
it means that they can invade and hide in the very cells of
body.



In the direct blood analysis as taught by Dr. Hockstra there is
that special attention should be paid to microbes, to their shape and activity
white blood cells (leukocytes) and red blood cells. Through observation
Much can be said about the state of metabolism from the red blood cells.
in general and of the liver in particular. In the meantime, the observation of the
white blood cells give us a reading on the state of the immune system, and the
The pattern of the microbes tells us if the disease overcomes the defenses.
of the organism. Please note that while we call this
blood smears in vivo in the analysis we are really seeing die the
blood that we are observing. In a sense, we are seeing the
rapidity with putrefaction occurs after we take the drop of
blood outside the body and this indicates the amount of resistance and the
vitality that exists in the body - it is a measure of the health of the body.
Toxoplasma gondii: an intracellular protozoan parasite

In both systems of the observers Naessens and Hockstra the systems
The blood is observed for 30 minutes. However, there is a great
number of professionals who observe the blood smear in vivo during
about five minutes with a phase contrast microscope and then they do
a 'Nutritional assessment'. Although red blood cells can be observed and
with a phase contrast condenser as in dark field, globules
whites, the microbes, the platelets, and other elements of the blood that do not
they are so well visualized.



For example, almost everyone places excessive emphasis on the fact that
the cells of the globules group together, like stacks of coins (or the
formation of coin stacks) and treat this as pathological. In fact,
red blood cells group together in stacks like stacks of coins where the
space allows them. They do it, in fact, to reduce the viscosity of the
blood and the protection that red blood cells receive while traveling in these
processions like that of the train. This is a normal function of the blood and,
Furthermore, its extent cannot be easily quantified with the work.
directly with blood. (This is because it cannot be calculated accurately
the thickness of the sample at any time.) The scope of this
grouping, this formation can however be easily measured in
the standard blood tests, the sedimentation rate (SED), or the
sedimentation rate. (If the formation of coin stacks is
excessive blood sediments dissolve more quickly.) Rate of
SED is a general indicator of inflammation. Generally, they expect that
the SED rate is elevated in inflammatory diseases such as arthritis.
But the SED rate is a very general and imprecise measure, and medicine
It receives little attention nowadays.




Some blood microscopists claim that they can be used to
diagnosing the presence of parasites. It is important to keep in mind that
"Parasites" are large and generally live in the intestine. In the analysis
we live on blood we take a small drop of blood, maybe one
billionth part. His blood would have to be invaded by these "giants"
before they can be seen. I have seen hundreds of blood smears and maybe I
I saw a parasite once. We, however, see a bunch of
products of degradation of blood cells. In particular, the
cell membranes of red blood cells often unravel like a
knit jersey. Its scientific name is myelin spindles, but some
doctors are calling them 'parasites'. The fact that it is being
moving, does not mean that it is alive! In microscopic dimensions it is
normal for inanimate objects that move. This is caused by the
thermal and by Brownian motion.



What do I see in the direct blood analysis? In my practice, I have integrated
various schools of dark field microscopy. I have been trained by
the son of Dr. Naessens in the analysis of somatidian and by Dr. Hockstra
what is more conservative, but still controversial, the approach. It is my
opinion with the use of these systems judiciously we can see, in first
place, the health of the "earth" or "land" – how healthy is the
organism? Are the red blood cells well formed? Can we see the pressure
about the immune system - as it was emphasized, they are the white blood cells of the
blood? Please note, at the same time we see the pressure in the system,
we do not see exactly when or how it is going to break. We can see how
about to be overwhelmed the system can be - it is the decay, the
bacteria and fungi, taking over? Finally, and most importantly,
we can see over time how a patient is responding to the
treatment.



There are also, of course, more specific things we can say to
There are signs of damage from free radicals and oxidation. And with the
yeasts, candida, we can see some indications of how these are
prevalent throughout the body. In addition, we always have a bunch of
information about the degree and types of anemia that may be present.
But above all, the in vivo dark field analysis of blood seems to me.
as a form of health monitoring in general. It is particularly useful,
As mentioned earlier, in the follow-up to the response of the
patient over time to their treatments indicates to the greater
briefly the need to change a medication or therapy. In certain
conditions, especially cancer or another life-threatening disease,
where time is a crucial factor, dark field microscope,
possibly, it may be helpful in the selection and monitoring of the effect
from therapy.
